Conway is a pianist who calls himself CRAZY OTTO. But
return of Ultratoryism, that the
the housemen think of me as a
For upwards of five years the world's reserves of
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
him, and was even outmatched by the
accused the Prime Minister of "political double talk." "It had
were eating in Mitzrajim, to show they were willing to learn;
but extremely important "1914" (1931), which
"It 2jest about leaves everything wide open
Fiat G-91, and the F 104 Starfighter,
someone to love you while you are looking for
who created a scene on this point on
because of their odd accents, they act oddly
has appeared. Leisurely, even slow,
women but yet moved by a strong maternal instinct to
the Left-wing opinion so coolly snubbed last
vulgar, out of time, bitter-sweet with
The jokes were a reshuffle of the same old
produce fashion articles as elegant as those of
of change, so the Africans stepped up their demands.
of rare intelligence and restrained power.
the wrong way round. As a
seemed to her the princely sum of six hund-
Commonwealth Relations Secretary for an hour's talks
be wrong to refuse all political advertisements with
House upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be a
darling," Di said happily. "I shall take
roller-coaster, with occasional stops for an old
Bending over the cot, she suddenly realised
from this principle. It is a great pity that the
Use 5/8 by No. 4 gauge screws (brass) or nail
Mr. Khrushchov said he hoped his weekend
third talks - the first were at Key West, Florida, the second in
Remember that texture plays an important part in
children and those with one child, and much smaller
Nations, not the father figure, so necessary
level of employees? 2. If so, which occupational
Diocese.
clear hiccup and falls flat on its back. This
of parents or faithful nurses threaten any
Monsieur V's house was immediately
Negresco, and went to the beach to
would arise unless it gave him the political ...
striving to safeguard an enduring peace for
technically equipped very quickly to do one
NEW boy on the vocal front is
bear his child and sails away.
the memory of" - are seen as an integral
white mice served alive, dipped in treacle
burden and prepared to break up yet
His party advisers are now trying to
that air of improvisation, as of off-the-cuff
yet thought of a fire....
The yawl, riding the high waves with an air that
the increased charges is a wicked,
of Home, Foreign Secretary, was listening
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
it is not a matter of the greatest importance
Sea and no one here professes to know when he
extremely easy to work, the four sides being
the Rugby match in "Tom Brown's Schooldays,"
the panel decided to seek further insight into the
and again and again it is the visual qualities
strikers gave in, but in Takoradi, the chief storm centre,
work in 1960 420000 (73 per cent)
He read the film star's sorry story and frowned at the
A bloodstained shambles. No wonder
presumed it was you, all dressed up in
The Nazi fortress concept turned out to be nothing
what did it say? Mystery Tour?" Oh, very caustic, that
Meanwhile Mr. Moncrieff had sent me an
of Sir Roy Welensky, Prime Minister of the
more than ever like a pink and gold
The big "squeeze" means that it is going to be more
"Oh, but it's a very general rule, Mrs. Buttery,
the river. The film starts off brightly enough but,
another we do not forget.
I find that the type of rowlock we use in Canada
being 15, has pure stern tastes in every-
next report from the Molony committee.
rine stared at him, incredulous. Philip
LOCAL BUS DISAPPEARS announced the
A 90-day war, the West German
upon everything a delicate sentiment.
nothing crazy about his pianistics. He pounds merrily away
of broad bar of hook as you would a
a ceramic factory, he can be qualified
The result of the vote was not in doubt.
broken down outside and he noticed
drawn between ordinary wage-earners and those
defence policy.
little hands inside. Here, I'll do it.' The collector pressed the twinkling
get. Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a
in our minds about her if she remained a
the U.S., Britain and France, it has more than enough
I followed, seeing how the sun gilded
on defence joined in. Mr. Powell devoted half his speech
the establishment of a Polaris base,
'but he appears to despair of ever being cured.'
The play was no more than a figment of
He began in a low, almost chatty mono-
Gay, sitting opposite Gavin on the terrace could
beckoning at the corners of the roads.
They'll be clapping the man who plays a straight theodolite next.
to be prepared to observe and make inferences about
Wolverhampton for Britain's technical training to
and restrained power.
as a percentage of social service expenditure,
yourself to blame the tools when the job does
Whitehall should be deserted. And they will have a fine view
Italy, and that he himself was being
fahrenheit the knock out. The backers of
stopped. Down below is the village of
is incoherently, clumsily, but half shyly and
Referring to previous negotiations, Mr. Macmillan looked towards
made first rate works in the last 25 years
to optimism is the sign that Germany and the
technical error in allowing Irene to speak
Even the bone cuff-links found beside the body, which
3,000 a day.
satellite, duplicating to some extent American
I'll tell my editor that the story's a dead bird.
propagating; there can be no progression to a
foot of his airliner's steps at London Airport
the advantage that no one knows what
a man with troubles enough back home - seems
a close friend of ours.
firmly by using a hammer on each side. Over here I've
vinced that the policy initiated in
by her suffering arm, he said bitterly:
will back West Germany's economic domination of Western
and I'm NOT irritable.' 'Very well then.' His
Miss Pinkie Johnstone makes her few brief scenes
routine destroys the soul. It is so easy,
timber can be used but Parana pine is
stunner in every sense of the word.
show" compared with some countries, he
which have been carried out.
Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of In-
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir
than could be exercised were she cut off from it.
Wills, if you're making improper suggestions ...?"
conceived throughout in terms of the cinema,
Frankie Vaughan is too nice a chap to ring quite
of Europe. One of these was the Neapolitan,
of tradition.
his notice.
television techniques and is being coached
House upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be a
Conference in London. Will it end with
"We want to discuss what to do if the
into the night. He reached the barrier and
pots.
But discussion on current points of east-west con-
that one of us must volunteer. The Bishop, Dr. Burge, did
"No, it wouldn't!" he almost snapped,
so as to make it grow. He does not
view, truly reflect the opinions of the majority
their odd accents, they act oddly like the
strewn canals - even the worn head-stones
film, "Die Bru"cke," was equally terrifying,
Our lawyers -" "Who are your lawyers?"
attacked for the sake of robbery, they did not
of use telling even children, as I have
on a pitch have no terrors for a good batsman with a stout
One called La Patriote is Communist, and at the time
They mostly occurred in lonely farm-houses.
chair. The seat rests across the upper two
ought not to spend many years in Tatsfield, we held
They considered flowers as forming a very
Commonwealth? The issue is touch and go.
play in the "Play of the Week" series on indepen-
heralded by the announcement that
above Evelyn Waugh socially, a cut
with that of the suitability of ground
"I made it myself," Gay tried to speak
be derived from this unity of conception and
of the peace. The summonses say they
encountering this tendency
were lots of children there, and we had
high & I have not yet thought of a fire....
5. Financial planning 6. Final discussion
form of special deposits with the Bank of England.
of her former men friends and acquaintances began.
the argument with Mr. Watkinson which he had in public at a
He used to come to Pierre's Bar again and
The main disadvantage of the clay pot is its
and their lunar and earthly repercussions, to luck
'Light an' come on in." We dismounted and
that the Commons House upon a dissolution, which
"Whom you never once managed to circumvent."
Germany's massive trading surplus and choke
Britain today! "THIS is colour day," proclaimed the American
was finally abandoned. Nevertheless the search
nue in an effort to obtain
we lose this way in the course of a day we would be
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
numerous conventional remedies to which he had been
was not one of Nigel's usual attributes.
Germany, Dr. Adenauer is in a tough
acts as a protector and comforter to her in
anti-Nato, anti-Tory, anti-bomb and anti-German
sible source of authority.
unpalatable majority decisions as binding on the
King Freddie and three other hereditary rulers of
which must be had, will be a mass of
Cecil searched in his pockets once
cannot be entirely discounted, he does
of them from being sent to the gas
Deep South. The negro is Mr. Robert #
and due for presentation at the Theatre Royal,
the cast. I especially liked the tea-cup
towards the Nationalist party of Dr. Verwoerd,
associate of Mr. Fell.
As a still further development, we follow
Lawrence. He was here, near the railway station, three or
to make it in 1950. And as a percentage
two-timing Don Juan.
mistaken belief that the
better." Surprisingly Dan Maffrey came in at
responsibility rightly belongs to the nations
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
with the Gaitskellites on their policy
patients Mr. Powell should take ruthless
are usually more expensive than clay ones,
The Government has claimed the
tea, and talked mainly about Philip, who,
son Dixon has a wide reputation as
and when she experiences it for the first time
point of death, the new German curative
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis Burdett described
until the mind got the necessary injection of a fresh - and an
Thirties.
they are still holding out despite the presence of 1,400
the frame together with the piece
nor too easy to get. Answering jeers that
power of unbridled ambition.
and unconstitutional" interference by
the bell would ring for them - the gilded
directly look into the mental processes of another
would be taken home. The reaction can be
at his school in the country, we were
for welfare, Mr. Powell said that all these
In spite of all the transferred maternity
on Mr. Harold Macmillan to join the
Wellington.
have to do their woodwork on the kitchen table.
the stench of small game and birds dead from insecti-
involved is really worth while, at a time when
feathered friend is not the only
opposite Pierre's, I read about the Nice
this place agree with me better than Naples.
Committee, which is headed by another
upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be a mass
households and by 1-2 per cent for younger childless
they would never behave like that. But do they ever
he respected their views. He saw by reports
understand the meaning of free trade.
surrounded by firemen and other officials,
sedate, not easily irritated, patient and persevering, 'but he
this is money due to America anyway.
To Germany's Western allies the campaign has been a
supporters in the country.
cut to fit them.
now put forward nominees. He believes
the Whigs, and the temporary assumption of
could get quite a nice little semi-detached house in
Birmingham; Price the Provisions; and the
principal supplier. The farmers of Britain
intense realism in the situation. A young
you are doing it that way. Use flat head screws
five years since his first play, The Quare Fellow, was
as a protector and comforter to her in her
Miss Cheesecake to spend all the money which
religiosa), both native and "immigrant" varieties,
This puzzled such students of comparative
in a new show. To paraphrase his well-known ditty:
Although we assess lace-making as one of
People will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism, that the
As the nearest of them came round the
But since starting salaries would depend on grade A
most vital industry. It is increasingly dependent
May 1834.
paid off. At a spot on the embankment between
inevitably "queer" about psychology
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly effective,
It is not an easy concept and if I try to make it
a skilful backstage negotiator since
exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives
plans do not give the Africans the overall majo-
in Naples. He told Cloncurry that he
keeping B flat on the chair seat, and mark
times yesterday. In PARIS, Mr. Dean Rusk, U.S. Secretary of
a nostalgic affection for them.
are seen as an integral part of the story.
to mediaeval eyes. It was determined that 100,000
in harbour than any other submarine.
angle and B is glued and nailed in place.
no real substitute for clay that can be
West Germany. REFUGEES are pouring out
or not the attempt succeeded if we had a
Formula One, which appeared in February, appeared to make
James Maxwell, the editor, always comi-
and their filing clerks. The students had
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in
it is a great joy to meet them now
all rolling eyeballs like a villain
York's St. Patrick's Day parade as a "disorderly
for the seat and the back which can be decorated with
pencil line at the top, the work will be
for the curtain to rise on the Commonwealth
unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe.
With a vigour and authority which delighted
heat and cold like the hands of
that a few months ago Mr. Kaunda said that
In China, for instance, dried rats are
sceptical about British plans for organizing it.
opposed to Africans getting an elected
Anglesey believed himself to be on the
foreigners of tradition.
Kennedy at his Washington Press con-
to offer. The conductor rang his bell.
National Congress, which was led by Mr. Kaunda
ever was. But he has not one word
lost and the forgotten, but they are also the
minals in New York. His goodness, how-
Criticisms about Army manpower appear
sold. It is especially designed for simplicity in
worry, Judge. Big wind like that can't
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis Burdett
fumbled for his contract before thrusting the
troops being trained on British soil. The new
everything had gone over her head. It didn't really
good humour. Ladies and gentlemen! I'm afraid
Tom Dreyfus had a job on the machines in the Secretariat
your own philosopher, your own psychologist
said, her eyes wet again: 'I think its all
explanatory TV pictures, into becoming a highly
unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe.
more logical to send in more men,
loyal and devoted friends.
after him. 'Mother knows her boy.
Dinas Advertiser. But the London papers ignored
correct to regard operations as the ultimate units of
Now the argument is being used that Nato must be maintained
to angry uproar. One dealt with the human
one feels, were driven to effective action by
The motive would be the same in both cases, to
the banquets of the ancient world was the
In some of the elegant boutiques of Paris
Comprehensive legislation is obviously preferable. They should not,
breakfast. It was a beautiful day, as firsts-of-June
philosopher with a highly developed sense of publicity
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
beach catastrophe in the Patriote.
had qualified as a schoolteacher, poor
well trounced by the critics wherever it
Nkrumah's Convention Party "after powerful addresses
friends or strangers, and a flurry of
the soldier - a favourable change in my eye,
Govr. and Compa. of the Bank of England would never
Iain Macleod, Colonial Secretary, and Mr. Duncan Sandys,
to save the ten percent needed. Or so she
again, she has a key role. Let her tell men like Strauss
itself a government which all outsiders
a huge blackened coffee-pot steamed. Other
'turtledove'. Pierre Turtledove. When we woke up properly it
stand, but an express took him off yesterday.'
district and got to know, and be known by, many of
workers in the same industry - along
a table with cross and candles, and the people
in the evening she had called on her two sisters,
also has its premiere tomorrow, the director,
Thousands march with him - and sit with him
the top member of the toe are
their set moods but played with proper
Labour supporters.
As in 1958, younger couples paid some 12 1/2 per cent
mid-step near the top of the stairs and
off speculation against dollar and pound?
dropped from future Royal programmes.
the time of Victoria this gentle craft was
they are not quite so fragile as the
Then we went to work on Coleridge Taylor's 'Hiawatha's
heard a good example of their officious efficiency.
not agree that the point has been reached
sweet signals in the air. When we
Don't believe all you see and hear!
But Mr. Healey had a partial and
Coats Mercer-Crochet possesses qualities which
later as 'more like a God upon earth than
back a long way, Sir Roy told the
be accepted by both East and West."
towns, grey, rose-headed mariners clinging
me better than Naples. The journey has been
really believes. A good neighbour to those Africans
doubtful positions, and for a consistent
gas had escaped. General relief was
production by Michael Hayes. He captured
success in France and Italy, and that he himself was being treated
a foolish cause, but in a glorious one. Good health!
cross into West Berlin's reception centre
Washington - said: "Their discussions covered the major problems,
outwardly unemotional, replied with a
is the case in Fanny her first lover is a sailor
that freedom last if their policies were adopted?
Anglesey to give the system a trial, adding that it
Griffiths, M P for Manchester Exchange.
nomination before it can be con-
month. 'Yes,' we said immediately, even before viewing.
their intervention away from straight opposition
even-tempered and sedate, not easily
Crabb has the qualities of sympathy and understanding. Too
asked to help. To begin with, both tempe-
He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's
There was a computed 8.4 per cent. swing
success in France and Italy, and that he
Office Savings Bank shows how wrong that
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
perspective of sharp struggle based on consistent
in the autumn?" Mr. Wilson asked. "We wouldn't call
"Can't go lighting bonfires on this bus,"
Suddenly he crouched forward. "Broughtons, if I thought
with the atomic theory, in giving a clear and detailed
A small panel was formed, not on a formally representative
Fig. 2. The main idea is to have the moulds standing as
was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro,
South Africa. And this is a Commonwealth in
there had opened a new chapter in the
tions. The Senate Banking Committee, which
since the symptoms had first shown them-
It could be curtain up on two success stories. Of
specified in the directions. These are the
them. Last night's play in the "Play of the
"Britain is uncomfortable in her role of champion
are of the utmost importance to the worker.
tested and weighed and not found wanting." He feels like
disarmament."
that ever was. But he has not one word of English.'
year or two later as 'more like a God
not join you.' The Captives grunted in boredom.
go unequivocally on record that they regard
seats some rows behind him. Steve was
appropriate sources of information or advice.
impossible for the British authorities to
The urge came from a conference of activists of
THE desire for unity in the Labour and
It is unjust to pass the buck to Mr.
for herself; we would be altogether clearer
his full plans to the Africans and Liberals
a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but
The scheme will be subject to Cabinet
on health spending and started charges, Mr.
official policy and seeking to win majorities
Government would try to get Germany to
words affect them in their different ways.
structures from "total loss" sites) and church payments. Although
the story.
a book planned to be called Confessions of an Irish
her slatternly, promiscuous mother. In such
fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent. Then
purposes to be under the sea rather than on land.
she was endowed with by her patients,
a young lady "as near as possible"
and an outboard motor with a comfortable
very fine.'
began to happen... But what about the voyagers?
'A' frames fastened to the floor
edge of the seat, feeding tray, etc). Fill the grain with a
in the cast list of Come September (Odeon,
frowning face as she turned the
So the idea of personal mission by
the case of Mr. Richards, with lavish and
posed so as to cause doubt and confusion
the rubbish strewn canals - even the worn
the riots in Istanbul, which enlivened the NATO
Jill will say about leaving her school. It's a
ment Bill which brought life peers into existence, they
Rev. Edwards.
been joined by a Jeep-load of boys.
demptions are asked at the Seder-evening about these "four
would be to resign." The outburst shocked MPs of
(280,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's
Thank you for listening to me so patiently. A political
Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a
the Press conference, Mr. Clark said two committee
again and again it is the visual qualities of
complete co-operation at all levels in training
the turtle-doves drummed up the
baker was in the last two campaigns. The
and yellow sleepy dust in the corners of his pale
always palely appealing, Mr. James Maxwell,
close agreement of the two Governments in pursuing their
That is doubtful. If however, in addition to her new
sexual, estranged from women but yet
Britain must depend on Nato and "the West"
of such ferocity. But there was ample
out into a series of repetitious sight-gags
call-out of police, special constables
Hood, a copy of his report on an enquiry
despatched to market or direct to customers,
to revise the course in the light of
Prince Souvanna Phouma to join his
called on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with
Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been pro-
Mr. Macmillan dealt with the main objection
comically grotesque; they were not
down. "Ask any bridegroom-to-be. Anyhow,
sympathetic C O. Paul Daneman gave another
as much as to the expectant mother, who acts
playwright and author, wrote: "Wicki's blacks
for basic units of mind has gone on and will
talks with the Soviet Union, for the establishment
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to
towards each other as they talked. In
but boldly and fearlessly. It is time to
youngsters.
The journey has been against me, as there has been much rain
background, which bring the film so vividly to life.
word "soul" to stand for what many believe to be the imperishable
German armed forces (within Nato
When Nero supped in # his Golden House,
down William Appleton outside the Palace
of both their chief figures. Dr. Verwoerd and
Party was a monster as vicious as the Zambia
a rivet where you will have to cut out the inside (gunwale)
companies and put one property deal through
and a superior plant, which transplants more
this village was still held by the pro-communists.
and Cannon-row.
that Labour should not take any steps
ever being cured.'
But there is no need to be frightened. The audience
sergeant, gives a performance of rare intelligence
Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
boycotting the London talks on the
Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
a bus, is it. Very careless." That was their
over-emphasizing them. Last night's play
Lucky indeed are the families that
combination of the two? No one seems
middle-aged romancers respectably wed and
of the people. That effort was to enforce
that his policy was to make his country
greenhouse. Of the dozen Spanish mantis
realization that West Germany would not survive even a few hours
Macmillan and his ministers there is no choice. They
of need. He shares her room and gives her his forlorn
Ghana Government introduced in July. Ghana's strong
to see that nothing is distorted. Ensure that
PRESIDENT KENNEDY renewed his pressure
Bruno Richard Hauptmann, but
that teenagers earn too much and spend it all
throughout in terms of the cinema, and again
who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was. But
egocentric character leads him to sacrifice
therefore selected. A detailed age-structure was
opposition, which will be aired in the
simply planed to give the required taper. In
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even
this year."
Government has been urged to take immediate ac-
too. It is said by some that he is a saint; by
A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from
of the House of Lords, but while it remains
himself to be on the point of death, the new German
censure was monstrous. It had offended
staggered. Some of it is inevitable, and we do not want to
claimed was underpinning - not undermining -
clothed leaf by leaf with the disappointment
sirable atmosphere of panic. He thought
she had met her death, and even less that it
Minister of State, Foreign Office, said
From being an assembler in an aircraft
ther her career. Alternatively, it
pretty little Morfydd Owen; Mr. Stanley Hayball
Aznavour).
Hahnemann.
of the table to the gratification of one
humour needed a thorough shaking up the Whitehall
they range too widely. They remind one of
on February 20.
resolute Premier of the Rhodesian Federation
federal association, but the four kings are not
and death over Germany, causing such wholesale slaughter among
Practically a shore job. Cheer up." She wiped
to be made, but as a guide we have given a fuller kit
also the height is left to personal choice
unceasing search for an effective alleviation
exactly what, on any given day of the
cannot but fear that the exasperation of the People
England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late November, he
out and sucked in his baggy black
definite disadvantage. They are fairly heavy
this letter which Mr. Gaitskell had received:
"Werewolves" that we had contemplated the necessity of very
or a burial?" she asked, hardly believing
disarming Committee of 100, the Committee claimed
are not only an economic necessity, but that a
certificate have to keep a sharp
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by
said:
technical error in allowing Irene to speak for
it would also be against the interests of the
# 'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble!
with attention. On purely practical grounds he
selves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect.
gone; he is having lessons on
I couldn't quite see how all this fitted in
British membership of Nato and British
loss crucifying. Her father's comment roused her as
Sahara on the grounds that they were
"That cannot continue without either development
"Darling!" her voiced caressed him. "Moments like this
of Polaris submarines." He argues that
he could be serious. "Surely marrying
accents, they act oddly like the queer foreigners
afterwards by the United party candidate,
severely rated the speech of his predecessor.
believed in the moral superiority of "The New
The statement of Padley and Crossman is no
and lay the basis for the defeat of the
Stores, the largest in town.
"Taste of Fear" (Warner Theatre, "X").
moving towards a solution of currency problems
States. Advertisements offer eggs of European,
all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand, but
meeting in London on Monday. Once the Common
experiences it for the first time herself it
that he shall have no bases or "facilities," no help in
and he is to be backed by Mr. Will
temporary surroundings.
Decide on the required angle of slope,
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by an
down the lake. 3"Big blow, Judge," re-
master at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to
usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find
demonstrators, most of them shopgirls in overalls.
replaced with sad knowledgeability.
evident that voters were bored by the
Seen in this wider picture, a South Africa that clings to
would make the Mau Mau in Kenya "seem like a
been much rain and damp, but the temperature is
but this lesson was ignored, and the injustice trebled in
turning up as the typical teenager in all the
A ROYAL welcome for the Kabaka of
Government's policy of apartheid as we wait
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples.
Prince Souphannouvong, leader
That argument did not apply to the Polaris submarine.
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a
mass of Radicalism, & then God knows what may happen....
old. There are already 600,000 sets in use. What about Britain?
been shot in and around the
felt. In 1944 Herbert Selpin tried a similar feat
themselves playing chaperon (Brenda de Banzie, the official
people.
Europe. One of these was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro,
palate, they broke fresh ground and called
trade but, by being given another of the new
perfect baby. And she has chosen
dates are unopposed.
Labour M Ps to angry uproar. One dealt
wish I could go with you!" "Doctor
all the trading benefits of Imperial Preference. It is a
pairi-deaza, from which our word paradise
At the same time that unity cannot be
'... now this sapphire ...
He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal
foods would still be free in families
Mr. Macmillan explained that he had deliber-
Ministers. He has also had talks with the Earl
Relations.
she blow some more." "Hello, Willie, where
I really tremble for my country! I may be
It's a very free place to write in, and there's
native kingdoms in Uganda arrived for talks with
administration. Then Mr. Iain Macleod became Colonial
in the cities of Europe. One of these
BEFORE President Kennedy met Mr.
should be. Steve got out the car and traversed the
What's all about?' he hissed without
round for the pals, one of whom cries:
guilt-symbol upon the ticket-collector and then
dislocation take it for granted that the Gospel was
Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-author with
South Africa, weakening the whites who are
Khouang and emphasized that
If the UN forces were thick enough on the ground,
wood of the same make, or oak or mahogany. For the
makes her few brief scenes effective, and
of a little monk who prays that a disrepu-
Cecil frowned in disappointment as he focussed upon the
climb the stairs, stamping with unnecessary vigour upon
weapons in any part of Europe. Inspection
in the four federal by-elections last October the party
He shares her room and gives her his
inequity of Miss Cheesecake well-nigh bathing
made an end of us but for an intervention
who had studied under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel
the bones Doris Langley Moore has brought
see that the edge bears the mark, P.M.B.C. Exterior.
to Anglesey a year or two later as 'more like a God upon earth
seems to be tired; he is going out fast.... What a gay,
time they docked at Belleray. And though Guy,
supporters.
see that fool boy of mine out there on
shown themselves seventeen years before had had the slightest effect.
In doing so he described his distinguished patient
sure the Labour movement was coming round in
comically abashed by the events, and Mr. Aubrey
man with a gentle and charming character, even-tempered
who had been close to him. In turning over
The more delicate patterns and finer
wartime naval officer in the B B C's
Scarborough is to expose Britain and her
public monuments and the rubbish strewn canals -
"We believe that a comprehensive medical
are more effective for the delicate designs used for
estranged from women but yet moved by a
Gillies, "The Takers." A polished production
for easy cleaning and then fixed underneath
amount of rest seems to make any difference. Sleep, to be
and women who interested them, and contracts
complaints about Weaver's loyalty.
they were not asked to modulate from
needy than Labour had to make it in 1950. And
and "unwarranted" interference." But it
there has been much rain and damp, but the
with a gentle and charming character,
seizure and was gravely ill in
on East Germany the regime existing in
Commons House upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be
she had tea with her other sister, and then
back in his chair. "I see. So you met a bus at
real menace to the British people both in
Commonwealth now seems to be the only
that reflects true creative talent.
Federal Government that the financial burden
Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better than Naples.
meet the Deanes, and as soon as Guy had
worked in the solid, and this certainly
regarded with "growing anger" the "gross
she now declared herself bankrupt.
usually boils down to a quite
in the role of a popular orator at the
November, he was 'suffering as usual', but hoped, he
but no more than that.
a brilliantly funny start, the work fizzles
the hall as he opened the front door. He nodded irritably
had made stops at nine stations before Waterloo.
Note that squared lines marking
all-time peak.
wash. The deep rims make for neater and
which must be had, will be a mass
his painful malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies to
we've had Pericles' entire Snort equipment removed
may be consumed at one sitting and
tackle, and Superintendent Robinson, of the L.S.W.R.
company will sign on again.
the Government an extra excuse for counselling patience until the
of UN conciliators they are meeting for
frequently, establishing at once a friendly contact with
group then sat down for a late lunch
with a plane so that the bottom will fit snugly.
church.
military operations. For this reason Sir
who will actually give the instructions to press
Draughtsmen, writing in his personal capa-
Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed
"Against this background must be taken Mr.
any formula uniting those who oppose German
felt the change would be unwise at a
show business.
Serviceman out of uniform by the end
points up not only the horror
side. 'Old fashioned fivers!' he muttered again, and
first lover is a sailor who leaves her to bear
any increase in budgetary commitments
Who will speak for Belgium? Who else but
in the Congo; Kuwait; and South-East
shock of expulsion will weaken the grip of Dr.
Mr. Macmillan at Chequers.
THE Prime Minister disclosed in the Commons
subjected ever since the symptoms had first shown them-
Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey to
watched us as we ate the beans. Then when
than about substance. The Prime Minister's
in Government and State housing projects.
hunting for furnished rooms, and had given up, when an
put at the disposal of those very militarists who razed
will return.
"What did Munyard say?" "The Snort - hull
Government Bill which brought life peers
may happen....
the "strongest militarily in Europe and the
Committee of 100, the anti-nuclear arms
with luck, while the latter are often
The second reason is concerned with doubts
a short period, those "stagging" on a new issue
increased majorities. In the Cape, the
reported to be halfway toward
non-combatant help was wanted; but they
left its central character and the world
as usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find
for by that curious body Moral Re-Armament.
half inquisitively. As is the case in Fanny her
whole principle of the State service and
conquer.
concluded, and only cooperation on the type
They are required to show why they
holiday while the whole transaction was
in the Commons last night that there have
the Mediterranean between Corsica and St
Laos. His policy of strict neutrality from 1951
He was not so happy in his defence of
visit to Paris. There General de Gaulle had made
think hard and long before his next jump into the
Welensky's opponents have carried their theories
equipped and manned a fleet from his own
A summary of the story can give almost
marked Willie Kim as the wind billowed
at Chequers.
the protests and these should carry weight with
Among the natives of Northern Australia lizards
tinue to live as hewers of wood and drawers of
agreement had been delayed long enough for
have forgotten him.
complete any mortising that may be
so this is an invitation from my good friends of the TUC that
that of a castaway on a desert island. Now
simple men who knew a lot maybe about
Russia in missile power. He said he
in place of screws. We just bend them over and clamp
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
priest: here the priest is 1superceded by the
story into a concentrated comprehensive
quickly; it is less expensive than most
too many details, would help many a child to make a
He says that the Scots are foreigners who have no business to
invitation.
- are seen as an integral part of the
expectant mother, who acts as a protector and
Pierre, 'and all mod cons.' The price was 16,000 francs a
A correspondent who travelled yesterday to within
down to visit my young friend Philip
instruments of democracy, such as trade unions
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl
simulate roughly the shape and size of a pot.
hell-bound under a strict Presbyterian
I had only one box of tacks - it might have been so
This apparently, was Mr. Macmillan's assessment.
are used by gardeners in all parts of the United
end? The last scene of this fragment
selves and feel a sense of righteousness when their hands are
but I really tremble for my country! I may
might borrow the stories of Isaac Babel
rise in taxation - something no one is prepared
by proclamation, such as would be
alleged association with organisations black-
for fairly large plants.
such incidents as that at Matadi would not
diamonds on her left hand third finger and held it
And a fine old fuss there was about it, too.
two inter-comm. rec., mod. k. and b., sep. W.C.
girl, and he said he had last seen her
a demand that the movement unite
But if it fails to modify that plan Rhodesia may well
that the walls were porous and the
and added: "It is the most disastrous thing any Prime
Royce a type of transport. She's the
first lover is a sailor who leaves her to
JOHN GLENN, Virgil Grissom, Alan Shepard. One of
method known as homoeopathy had been
Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide, Mr.
East German disturbances on July 17, 1953. And officials
He claimed that, unless we were in the
contempt. SOME people are for ever complaining
The original scheme was planned to provide short re-
disarmament in Europe. Mr Gaitskell
her packages. This sister was able to establish
him, he was one of the crowd. The
Federal Government were getting valuable experience in
tactically useful Plain of Jars, however,
to be moved; it must be planted out or
"Ban-the-Bomb" demonstrators. Police leave
and sweetly. Mason is always good for
helped build up Nato and rearm Western Germany,
been subjected ever since the symptoms had first
disc solo pianist were greatly enhanced when he dug out
surprising her. "You sounded like some-
"press a thumb-tack into the nose of the hammers that strike
trouble in the Congo, orders every Belgian
again, satisfied that they were not required.
cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy,
resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he is
of our arrival it was throwing huge over-ripe verbal
Nevertheless, the tour has been an immense
the school play-grounds, the public monuments and
not prepared to accept the role of junior helper
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
God grant, however, that I may be a
Strauss and last month he attacked
householders when trenches are dug outside their
begun. Some plain tapered legs have
the moulds. You won't want them again for this boat, so
final and irrevocable division of Germany.
from innocence.
film ro*?5le in Ka"utner's "Die letzt
exactly down to the taper line,
sexual, estranged from women but yet moved
Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square Theatre
the straight-edge as one relies upon the truth
door posts of the house and upon the gates.
various rocket stages had already been
debate tomorrow and on Thursday.
to people of goodwill who hate the cold war,
Council has active committees on Education and
But the jet aircraft was already miles away,
Hounslow. Miss Camp had been the housekeeper at the
pinned into place. A similar piece of 1 in.
skilled, obedient craftsman in no time at all.
job I'd go to London, of course," she went on.
dge, where she is a friend of Prince William
ters to their background, which bring the
Clean up with the plane ready for the bottom,
right to blame the politicians unless they see
tired than usual, and we finished the gin
Communists must not hold office for five
RELAXED, smiling and clearly in the best of
to allow for the chines to rest in these
Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced
MR SELWYN LLOYD may speed up his plans
Coming now to the actual tools and their cost, we begin
The early speakers in the debate each
"facilities.") By the end of the year there
went to catch the 7.42. Her sister saw her
(Stamp Department) while Sally sulked at home.
gases and so on. Where has psychology got to in its
nearly seventy and I had not succeeded that
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken
Most tools have to lead an intensive life, and faults
on the Government for "undermining the
pages simple diagrams and instructions are given
cities. FRANCE - One can hardly conceive the French are
winter. In late November, he was 'suffering as
that instead of taking it out of the
explicably from appreciable motives. The
the feminine skills, a number of the well-loved
faith in the way in which Mr. Ferris mani-
no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux. As
MR. BUTLER, the Home Secretary, has decided
disturbance took place but a few leave it open
heard of the fall of the Whigs, and the temporary
followed the beaming Dan aboard, taking
at a piece called "Piccadilly" (Polydor). I find it cute.
Week subsides it is doubtful whether more
in fact, the brain-children of inventive men.
it by saying that the revision would be
Mr. Dinsdale Landen, in the longest and most
not easily irritated, patient and persevering,
compares the prices paid by different types of household
from Mr. Ellis Smith (Lab., Stoke on Trent S.).
Britain to make a formal application..
weight by a flat-rate tax at treble the rate - every adult
head-stones in the churchyard, "sacred to
for an effective alleviation of his painful malady.
Griffiths resolution. Mr. Foot's line will
elderly, well-off, artistic, who, you felt, had made a hard
the Hollywood ratrace.
for a working week of 34 to 36 hours.
the 6tic douloureux. As early as 1830, when
of General and Municipal Workers, he said he felt
of the numerous conventional remedies to which he had
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law, the
fontein and the Transvaal, with slightly
have no knowledge of secret negotiations."
you will be asking.
with a theodolite, six surveyors, a ball;
leave in the autumn without you
directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also part-
political chicanery or elect a Labour
until he was outlawed in 1959. The record
To go gassing to a newspaper man!
paper and the superintendent of police,
in the workshop, the amount one
patient and his symptoms. He told Hahnemann
assumption of the government by
pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife, always palely
WHEN an assortment of differently coloured materials are cut
contains statements whose factual truth is
The Press, many doctors and public were
may prove impossible to fulfil."
hair had just been done. She looked
The travellers from the New World who had
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that I have an Italian
prepared for visitors. Mrs Caine said
storage facilities are not too good, these
Corell-Barnes (Colonial Office), Mr. G. R. Bell
era.
(Common Market) has imparted an
guests present, Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Macmillan met three more
is in a pub where the author throws a
distinguished patient and his symptoms. He told Hahnemann that he
Streak, Mr. Thorneycroft's task will be
Start by making the two side frames from 1 in. by 1 1/4 in. planed
film. Gifted with an interesting face, although little
endless massacre that led to the death of six million Jews was
advise Anglesey to give the system a trial, adding
his chief a report on his talks with
action against the drug making industry, #
of the story, and the marriage of the
necessary to be careful not to miss the chine with
to which he had been subjected ever
book. The same old Nice, creamy,
discussions are arranged for the wives in addition to the
between an egghead and a missionary".
over vines and peachtrees.
recapture of Vang Vieng, the pro-
have taken the headlines in this country.
Escapologist Dill-Russell is a guest in Harbin's
slightly off key. Everybody's fed up with the
hopes to be allowed to do some writing." Back at
Fanny, which also has its premiere tomorrow,
wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius
pay Jacky's school fees." "What shall we do
General Brauchitsch signed a directive
produced, three years since Borstal Boy was published
had studied under its founder, the aged
in industry will not be affected, but only
Peeresses have been created. Most Labour
Pearson 34 per cent). How far is Mr.
evil word. THE Inland Revenue people have a
know what the Russians want." But he was
weapons were necessary to defend Britain, that
for Mr. Pell and his bunch," observed
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
told Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better than
are those of the vice, the bench stop, and storage
A great deal of modern furniture has tapered
churchyard, "sacred to the memory of"
that he proved to be to the Jews fleeing from
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back
leader.
if not, use a strong horizontal
are highway payments, clearance payments (for clearing remains of
his Housing Minister. It has aroused strong
middle of the amazing scene, Mr. Macmillan
resent the "Bread of Poverty" which our fore-fathers
immediate confusion hides the fact that the
was a fairer target, and the Parliament agreed to find
waiting for the millenium, however, most of us
Alverstoke," she said. "But I don't know what
"economic charges" for welfare foods, Mr.
to have been devoted to this main point
Protectorate's future. Said Mr. Nkumbula
It is thought this would be the minimum
become too pernickety. Nevertheless, we could all probably
not with that great little Irish bar on
He smiled at his own joke.
"rather pessimistic" and talked of a Berlin crisis later this year.
Lancaster House despite the crisis which had
"It would make me more interesting,
one of the miners who'd come along with
France for her nuclear tests in the
Apart from their formal Admiralty House talks, followed by lunch
thirty-three aged sixty-four years, and sixty-
"You see," she propounded to Rupert after her last patient
speculators to hold marks rather than pounds or dollars,
Where the 2bhoys are. In the hallway are
A nice boy of course. But perhaps in the
South Africa that Dr. Verwoerd is leading them
create the atmosphere of a city.
allowed to come to the Children's Church
MACMILLAN'S announcement in the
'Some people don't know right from wrong
return of Ultratoryism, that the Commons House
to be put out for the sake of 50,000 is there
it through. When the United Nations instructed
the screw to allow for a good grip. Remember
marvellous joke; no one has learned anything. Wicki
malady. None of the numerous conventional remedies
organisation. Mr. Watkinson, Minister of Defence,
tatting in fine and medium-weight cottons
with "growing anger" the gross and unconstitutional"
A glance at the gauge marks at the bottom
Francis Burdett described to Anglesey a
crowd had collected. There were firemen
diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey
senators of the Deep South. The negro
had stimulated violence, but he had done
shown themselves seventeen years before had had the
Measures agreed so far include: 1. A mass
have an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet
off the exact position of B on the side
a flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not
Ferris manipulated his characters.
rested on a wad of stiff white paper printed on one
issues of our time.
But he said discussions "on a higher
Government.
Their offering last night differed little
Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to
which had blown up. He has now revealed
of the Whigs, and the temporary assumption of the
of the talks in Belgrade - and on both the two
had caused America to lag behind Russia
bingo-parlour."
wishing life would sometimes allow serious-minded
great chance that should be grasped.
So far had our thinking led us in this matter of the
script, and the great advantages to be
idea is. The biggest group of depositors in
as it obviously appeared to everyone else.
quantity surveyor. We have descended
Robert Weaver of New York. One of his tasks
clamour for back stamps if a child
try to persuade the heroine that she is out of her mind.
the great advantages to be derived from this
has been removed, and if care is taken
"Neither can Nigel," smiled Diana.
who is nearly bald is no longer a baby. He started to
plans for a "unified supply apparatus"
Cecil gritted his teeth and glowered at the
to despair. And yet, wherever the issues were put
been used in a pot, the # only difference being
put through.
Grimstead for three thousand, that's where I live, just
time the members decided to pay up and be good
He understood the whole apparatus with an exact and
exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives a
fears are based upon completely
explicably from appreciable motives. The rest,
alcoholic." Since then he has been
agreement on the necessity of maintaining the rights and
was far better for a weapon used for retaliatory
"Thinking over the results of the Vienna
generate a melodramatic inevitability
recommending the supporters of unilateral nuclear
tomorrow. It has been produced and directed by
of the plane sole to make the tapered surfaces
designed and made for WOODWORKER
swamped by cheap labour. Our industry, he said, would
described his distinguished patient and his symptoms. He
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a
a posse of police arrived and in less than
will put a postage stamp into orbit before you
Royce and a Sussex manor house, all
accurate. Place crochet in correct position on linen and
in my eye, particularly as the troops are very
outset, and when we don't see one
broody and going out with brash blondes. I don't deserve
would almost certainly involve a corresponding
Madame N's husband had made an
as Smiler Perkins were the most laughable. They
established during their years
men was organised. Eleven students from seven firms atten-
Commonwealth Relations Secretary, that they wish to be kept
and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is
He spent most of his short half-hour on
Defence statement, while accepting that Britain can-
recording every wrinkle and drop of sweat
in design or quality soon become apparent. It is far
classes in the early 19th century which
resume today. President Kennedy today
factory to becoming a paint sprayer in
flower in a cultural desert. "Now, me - I'm
Antonioni and Wicki films took high honours,
"Better ask Robbie Munyard." "What's he been
from Jeanne Moreau, this has been fairly
true as a smooth-tongued, ill-mannered Yank. His
driven to effective action by the author in spite
president 89-year-old Earl Russell and
"you need someone to love you while you
she felt small flats were altogether more
"We must not be rattled into surrender,
trade unionists, when it decided by overwhelming
His ex-Eoka Government decides that Cyprus will join it for
it.
sites in Britain for the training of German
of fatigue. They wonder why they get no rest at night,
by speech experts.
town and village, pigeon grey, sly with arches, and
their shortcomings, most gardeners have
the minister. "No, we have another way of signalling
succeeded if we had a little more faith in the
There is only one way to develop unity and
to detach the mind from the brain, and all the biological,
between support for the war
of DDT and fuel oil over 3 million acres or when
who have held high positions but
one to take?
Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at
Secretary. Suddenly everything changed. Timetables were
the Duke of Wellington.
Morfydd was saying. "Not the end of
provoking American retaliation. Earl Russell
Elizabeth Bagaya of Toro, kneeling at the
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough
DARKNESS had descended like a curtain by the
of the O.G.O. contingent in the Panama region,
We had a morning at Pierre's. He talked about people.
whereas on larger establishments the pots
more - and increase taxation to do so - or
"Play of the Week" series on independent
law, always comically grotesque; they were
Fig. 2.
Malden not knowing how to take it,
no experts to check and photograph any 'dabs' it
church for the full rota of services on Sundays and weekdays.
here, I understand, but an express took him off
Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey consulted
The latter do not regard themselves as expert
brought to his notice.
tory." African delegates to the talks yester-
in six weeks time from ending up in blind alley
glowered at his own breach of social morality.
their faith with cash.
Sir Roy. "I am now compelled to say that
re-book Gene Detroy and his performing chimpanzees
paradise at his disposal but he is
With fire and sword France denies Algeria the right to self-
pleasant time. The weather forecast is good; except for them,
next week. A big slice of Germany's "aid"
of the people is the supreme law") reports: "The
for it - and therefore of any budget
the board. There were only 17 vacancies for the 58
flection, it might be that I took a
said the motor industry was on its knees. The optimists
disdainfully at him and stepped out.
and Robert Bolt (The Flowering Cherry) were
round". He is far more likely to find out about how
glued and panel pinned in position, measurements
in fighting. Yesterday the ships turned away
implication he supported the establishment of
blown up. He has now revealed his full plans
planing after fixing to the boat. Use your two
the people of the parish.
his position by lighting bonfires or hoisting a
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
been warned - one that his connection
soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly
in the direction of live-and-let-live. Hopes
with a good basic kit, which includes
find us out! Second, to tread pretty warily
This man was known to have left his home on February 11, and
on a small pink terraced cottage, two beds,
from their earlier act on this show a week
a trial, adding that it was being cultivated
In April of that year his first wife's brother-
She wavered, and at last said
and military training.
To put it in a slightly different way, do not allow
essence of a man which is supposed to persist apart from
discussions, saying: "Anybody who is hungry, let him come
a public poll showed that for the first time since
may be guilty of rebellion!
his military bearing), and this was accepted.
"My background is a doctor of 68, who
15,695 times in their different grammatical
round the frame to the stern and clamp there. If
these are proud possessions, linked to the
German militarism in his replies to
are made of the same compost as would have
from thread. Pull short end and ball thread
the moulds, make a frame of rough lumber as shown in
Heather he found a welcome relief in her
He has had numerous meetings with the Service
necks before you can say 'knife'. It wouldn't
sent him by post on June 22, only two or
on each side.
marked out as at (A), Fig. 3.
solation. We could, perhaps, say whether or not
doing is in the name of non-violence," said
link together the various West German
Now we have the strikes and demonstrations in
not only a director. He began his career
The notification he envisages must be given at least two days before the
a town in the industrial North of England
scrapped. The ill-conceived Monckton Commission was
to be demonstrations." Yesterday Sir Roy's
to catch speculators in shares and property.
me isn't going to be all that bad?
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
and he is to be backed by Mr. Will Griffiths,
pressive. As Friedrich Du"rrenmatt, the Swiss
group.
He double-crosses the five pals with whom he lives,
of younger parents with lower earnings,
When Mr. Brown sat down Labour M Ps
brother-in-law, the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby,
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that I have
valley with a sea of vines and olives
admitted to the Glyndebourne canon. By no
increasing number of disciples among
found for the 6tic douloureux. As early
than it takes to say "Tolpuddle
And as the British Government stepped up the pace
They are # quite useful for plants that are
completely. Manufacturing the block and planting
that the Government should ever have been led away
her in her hour of need. He shares her room
the adoption of the twenty-four hour
when Mr. Lester Pearson was chosen as party
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
intelligence.
been brought to his notice.
a new chapter in the history of
He told them that their conception of social services was wholly
step. If that is their decision they should also
down. A few minutes later, Mr. Fell got up
serve this home of his, in which his heart lay.
The questions about children were the same as in 1951,
Party (280,000 members) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African
return from her abortion in Bristol."
sort of rocket?"
the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective
with bills of cost.
seems to be tired; he is going out fast.... What a gay,
This could, he suggested, be linked with
to the station, helping her with some of
for it again: another Royal Wedding. Between
popularity as an individual leader (for
What seems certain is that those who
would be initialled at the end of
So long as the Soviet Union had nuclear weapons,
this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs, and the
of Prince Boun Oum have arrived in
and without hope. THE same sort of good neighbour
building up their power. What must Britain do? Today,
The various types of small paper pots are very
was 'suffering as usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find this
many of the mantis of both types had died
many hills can he take?" Of course Mr.
point of death, the new German curative
The Senate Banking Committee, which is headed
to oppose the Polaris depot ship.
outcome that the Nazis evidently hoped might
Elizabeth had left Hammersmith in the late afternoon,
A certificate), Peter Brook's film made
In the home, crochet lace can be used to make
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet & that all
is not new to the American gardener. Lady-
She had been struck several times with a blunt
He feels satisfaction "from the fact that my personality had been
by misrepresentation of the decisions,
I'd have you court-martialled. But I know there
you see?'
Square Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced
fight a 30-day war or a 90-day war?
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a
Lastly, we suggest certain power tools and
members tried a "plant" call on suspect phone. They
cheered for a full minute - and even his
senators of the Deep South. The negro is Mr.
public to go over to decimal coinage - in certain
this way: Well, those are my views.
rearmament policy. Hopes rose as we saw a
in Belgrade, has resumed his holiday on the Black
In the past year West Germany
public opinion over his "July Budget" came
piece of timber 14 in. long and about 1/2 in.
was very soon in France where he did splendid
only in Germany but also in Africa and
He believed he would perform "outstanding
to do so and to recall Parliament. But
the knowledge that he had gone shopping in the town of Guil-
WILL the new valuation be enough to correct
1913 soon after I had come, and he organized the Mission
distinguished patient and his symptoms. He
linked by a whispering plot of fountains. In the main
secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future.
or so and though so far, apart from joint action
in real life). Miss Dee, incidentally, who keeps
duced and directed by Mr. Tony Richardson,
technical error in allowing Irene to speak
and a brandy bottle.
5. Other forms of war damage payment made by the Commission
with extraordinary success in France and Italy, and that he
of the pro-communists. Most of the
of her money.
more and came up with two
being cultivated with extraordinary success in France and
attempting to generate a melodramatic
and women for life in retirement and more
will go. The main topic under review is
units of geometry must be points. It would be more
sale being by the gallon. Praying mantis (Mantis
upon earth than a human being', had an increasing number
them. Last night's play in the "Play of the
Small, repulsive creatures they were,
distilled perfumes, these refined voluptuaries
what may happen....
favour of their abolition; in fact one
rose to say that the Chancellor would bear
certain that they wanted to establish a
in friends and acquaintances.
world around him in complete, unredeemable
intention of playing the dutiful citizen
These support costs are a big drain on
A passenger at Victoria said he had seen
Geneva conference. "Particular attention was also given to the
emphasizing them. Last night's play in the
shares her room and gives her his forlorn gift
Poland, had the Germans begun with such a
last days of a sick society.
Republic later in the year. But if a final
of experience. Her first illusion consisted in
Very soon we managed to get a hut in Purley where soldiers
rally to defend a policy founded on
characters to their background, which bring
Deep.
Accra?
whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834.
through a cliche-ridden Foreign Office
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that I have an
It is to be hoped that the UN will be
in which all the boys were welcome to
has been working on the plan for some months,
other at Hounslow, where she kept a shop.
bought their college education forward and
Again, don't forget to glue. Now put on the keel and
The word is used in the singular
streets and wet pavements, the school
Prince Souvanna's former Minister of
Southern Senator - Willis Robertson, of
talents and responsibilities could bring in the open
and the world around him in complete,
this likely; Formula Two, which appeared in June, made it
problem. Mr. Sandys has warned of the risk of a
it was accidental - I hope not. If ever a bag of
One of these was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro,
the Prime Minister. This implies the dis-
founder, the aged Dr. Samuel
ones. Well, now, let me see. I think I can put you onto
cut above Frank Haxell conversationally.
members and associates all over the country.
a bean for the next twenty-one days.
The wish was particularly apparent in comments
Earl Russell, President of the Committee
The girl is a knock-out (see pic-
The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has
ever was. But he has not one word of English.'
idea that moral regeneration would solve
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended
no family allowances. The rise in net family
review the United Nations Secretariat;
three times up before the beaks for
and wait to hear the conference's proposals.
hotel.
foreigners of tradition.
three weeks, etcetera, etcetera!"
Their demands are invariably couched in
bargain for giving up. 'I have furnished rooms,' said
ceived throughout in terms of the cinema,
at (B), Fig. 1. To make a leg such as
come through the sugary sentiments
nurseryman; there is also considerable saving
it enables results to be obtained fairly
arrangement with the dead lady's sister
Do not buy so-called cheap tools or
very little about the patterns of brain-activity which
and this matched reasonably well with
peace policy.
Mart is unable to smell (her sense
her slatternly, promiscuous mother. In such
the Glasgow Corporation Further Education Department;
accepting the likelihood that Miss Camp had been
alone on polite request.
of individual instrumental timbres and "personal"
or so ago. But the Mudlarks, with Jeff Mudd
by the soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly as
feather," she decided, rather envying the gentle-
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most treatments
integral part of the story.
Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and
Anglesey consulted in May 1834.
Week" series on independent television, Then
In April of that year his first wife's
robe that each generation wears in turn -
He may never have had the disease himself but he
movement and having a go next time. Alongside
had claimed tax relief on the pur-
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter in
them that they were being "encircled." They really
is able to keep a firm hold on one
relief when this strife-torn land gets
President of the Board of Trade played a conspicuous part," the
ment - and ended by inciting Labour M Ps
a supply of food."
even if they do sleep.
Cecil? Don't you feel well?' his mother
& I have not yet thought of a fire....
in which the index fell by 1.8 to 97.5 per cent of the average for
Burge became Bishop of Southwark.
Though they may gather some Left-wing support, a
been in Britain many times before, were
usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find this
could catch the taste of dead dreams on
when we met at tea at the rectory
allied. But governments should be free to negotiate
around frantically to overturn them next
whose husband made her clean his uniform, wins
Julius Greenfield, telephoned his chief
by another Southern Senator - Willis Robertson,
'Are you enjoying yourself, Olimpia?' she
the Whigs, and the temporary assumption of the govern-
don't like things as they should be - not on
complete silence he shows the faces of people
the point of death, the new German curative method known
to death like cattle interests me only in so far as we
sat in the square reading the Patriote.
exactly what you were doing that
of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
Eden, in his maiden speech in the House
persevering, 'but he appears to despair
another impression that became more
given a gala society reopening on the
Minister, to do the honours as host, in which capacity
and that there will be no more outrages.
pay more. He did not mention personal
Phnom Penh, Cambodia, to invite Prince
observers at the national rally will be
I'd marry you myself." Gay laughed, Doc was
from dusty hair on the dusty shoulders of his black
the affluent middle-class, who now had plenty
appliances and therefore susceptible
walked together across green fields, and
institution.
surroundings she learns sex is something
Bonn tomorrow for talks with the Federal Government on a
ended yesterday in 32 members of the
Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume
been subjected ever since the symptoms
It will be seen how, with bold design
There has also been some talk of adopting another
the missing building. The Church rebukes the
for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot
He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his
Now along comes his solo disc, featuring two of his own
for the people the board will earn their good will.
share in giving aid to underdeveloped nations, the
endowed them. One hopes that he is not
Commons agreed was that of the first poll-tax. The manifest
Other leading members are: Sir Henry Lintott from
charming amid the nonsense, and Karl
increasingly confident of return to power,
At one point the astute Miss Cheesecake
the end of the hook, but not too tight
disguised another motive, and a thorough check
(In this strike, as reported in the Sheffield
full, hopes are high. There are still a few
the fall-out position in view of the Russian
cheats a waitress (Juliet Prowse) and cynically uses
revered master at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking
& that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand,
that I have an Italian who is perhaps
effective alleviation of his painful malady. None of the
in Bavaria to witness the Passion Play. The place and its people were
to think about it, don't you see, because
clear who controls the American H-bomb, and
unnaturally smooth exterior Piers was simmering
of its subject by attempting to generate a melo-
of the cruelty of the world. Finally Catherine
want the accuracy of a police photograph,
The question: Their status in an independent Uganda.
first night's sleeping was like a long convalescence.
ambition.
Shmah "to be willing to hear," we
House upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be a
seemed, for a time, that the whole affair would
sweetened with molasses for all and for us
worst aspects of the American cinema. From
retorted. "I agree with the Prime
it is very little more trouble than normal potting,
she was in touch with an invi-
coordinate activity on the political and economic
industry," Mr. Brown commented icily. "Let us have a
to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received
We read, with sympathy, an advertisement in the
his quest for atomic arms.
the stop-watch manufacturing methods that
he would perform "outstanding service"
part, Mr. Godber muttered his way
also effectively around. They provide some chilly red
the violence which he tried to prevent.
the shack. They were all armed with rifles.
Richards, with lavish and suitably gaudy
he goes to Brussels, headquarters of the Common
author with Miss Delaney of the script, and
the Federal Government. But the final
nowadays most psychologists would agree that it is
woodfiller in the usual way and paint the frame in
to St. Mark's, the first contact I made was
golf-course Press conference, which he
as at (B), Fig. 3. A saw cut is
Paris, were my ruined pavilions, and I
Britain. We have fought beside Belgium
The most convenient one for the authors
when 50 planes are engaged in spreading 1,500 tons
fringe of the party, caught snatches of this
blouse and pantaloons.
in opposite directions to bring loop close around
vestigation had reported on Mr. Weaver.
convents of Europe. Without doubt it was the
Labour's attack on the higher health
establish an enduring peace between nations."
new appointment, at nine a.m. precisely, dressed
surrounding an ageing poet, whose deeply
nominating any more Labour life Peers
sun-terrace of the Hotel Splendido (renamed
children and sick people than to take on this vast
to give theoretical interpretations of what lies behind
said John.
most treatments of its subject by
anything from the strike and the other 80 per
than-average glossy comedy, Hollywood-
piece for each stitch that you learn. When
made nervous by Beryl's silence, drove at reckless
on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive
about her if she remained a flawed but beautiful
Should the Herald publish such advertisements?
Schaerf, the Soviet Premier thanked Austria for
do if the British demonstrations."
"Not in Pericles, old man." "Why not?"
between the Bavarians and the Prussians who openly
difficult to arrange a loan or overdraft. And banks will be
things. You'd be surprised, they said. So it
that she had carried a green purse and
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken
Yard, combined forces in the investigation. While
asking us to believe that, because of their odd
membership of eight million was a "poor
6tic douloureux. As early as 1830, when
Yes, the bus set out from Dinas. So much
association with organisations black-listed by the
to the Klondykes and the Reef along
Ultratoryism, that the Commons House upon
Union can be seen here - a truly inspiring
for 178 words out of 279, which is
in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
And such is Hal's faith that he brings him to
you'll find that no insurance companies,
the neuro-physiologists.
All lit up. Full of people waving as you went past."
more per calorie than the national average, and families
the outside measurements from transom to transom
of Lords last night, gave a warning
you took Luke Parson's surgery and there was a woman
This is hot pressed and resin bonded to ensure
Mediterranean people to whom nothing
a bit. I'm sure you could raise the rest from
It has been left, however, to Mr. Goka, Ghana's Finance
HENZE'S "Elegy for Young Lovers" is the first
bomb demonstrators thronged the Central
On the eve of August Bank Holiday
labourer in the face. All, however,
To Mr. Macmillan, Mr Gaitskell said the
committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's
saying?" John was furious. The little squirt!
I should commit hara-kiri.
get it into your head, son... people
unity of conception and control are everywhere
streets and wet pavements, the school play-
ordering that after the successful
have been made into Tory strength by
a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan
When Mr. Brown sat down Labour M Ps cheered for
treatments of its subject by attempting to
brought to his notice.
Prince Souvanna Phouma has not yet replied to
suit their convenience - rather than to change their
But they were so convinced and they
to subsidise and defend the Cypriots. They will enjoy
sentiment would still favour the abolition
troops being trained on British soil and Polaris,
end the manufacture and use of
in personality last night dominated
individuals in the West. Some may ask: Is
strong, energetic man with a gentle and
November, he was 'suffering as usual', but hoped, he told
He wondered what it contained. Probably the remains
itself into orbit it did.
talks with President Kennedy would # help "to
While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
large majority of Labour 0M Ps are likely to turn
not wish me to go then, as I had barely been in the parish
strong, energetic man with a gentle and
alliance, with resulting colossal
Lord Home, Foreign Secretary, and Mr. McGeorge
England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late
as much as 3 for a lace collar. But this
Mr. Harold Wilson, Shadow Chancellor, jumped up to
Christianity really means, must carry weight. But
and again it is the visual qualities of the
It has a great look of speed and technical fun
don't tell me anything, if you'd rather
looming ... ? "Are we discussing a marriage
and it is the opinion of Bassius that
service" in his post. Senator Robertson's
with copper nails and roves. It greatly improves the
substitutes; the former may last indefinitely
Vence is a sober spot, half way between small
is made their scapegoat.
to put St. John's Casualty Department
the Inspector had written, 'it may
back to hold the baby's safety harness. These can be
whether at Holy Loch or elsewhere on
didn't mean he was prepared to do as much
break their promise to pay on rude demand, let
3,000 men, who must take about a fortnight to arrive.
different from that of Labour. They would
nines are fifty four - of course we'd have to
early smells, the dark bosoms of
still in greatest demand. It is mostly
"If I were a tramp I would simply blow a
were confused, clear policy details -
leaders have identical ideas.
the spending spree is at a new
"Without Britain's tolerance German rearma-
the two-day debate on foreign affairs.
mysteries, like the Marie Celeste. Then things
show tonight. Boxing fans can see an eight-round
increasing number of disciples among unorthodox medical
not alarmed.... Next door, in West Germany, before everyone's
saying: "I am innocent of the blood of this just person."
one of whom lived at Hammersmith and the
and greys are not only the colours of the
his leave.
sympathy. And you want to get it from the word
could not have overheard anything they
is to be made at a meeting of Labour
told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a
his flat for a drink.
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law,
This surprising statement was a sharp about-
the bank is made of boys and girls aged 15
but played with proper efficiency and, in
an elderly farm labourer out for a shoot
the British people. And tell Makarios they are not
everywhere apparent.
mistaken, 1tho' I cannot but fear that the
out of unturned stones."
meeting of East and West was marked by
accents, they act oddly like the queer
picture given them and the lesson was
working for a change of policy. In his view
for a campaign against weak and
However, something inimical in the girl's look
place agree with me better than Naples. The
a pre-retirement planning and preparation
the Commonwealth Relations Office, Sir William
way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated his
the unsmiling Mr. Powell. He demanded
Susan Hayward plays the wife sharply
It was a nakedness of nai"vety to be
inside of the chair arms about 2 1/2 in. from the
theme of limitation of armaments in Europe.
provisions of Schedule D taxation which not only allowed her
declared yesterday. Events in Vienna "gave hope
(J.H.P.) BUILDING your own boat is a most
The Government decided to adjust
our position. The driver must sound his horn
Peace movement is still advancing and that
needed as well as the upper ex-
The chines are morticed into this and butt up
Government. But the final decision remained with the British
God grant, however, that I may be a false
television audience it was "current
sparked off the opposition by telling a
essential services and ensure food supplies. Thus it
strong opposition from the anti-Negro
in the Commons last night that there have been
robbery, and this was further confirmed when a
great family consultations.
Foot has put down a resolution on the subject
to render that service a hardship to poor
At the beginning of this wonderful century many
to the raree-show emotionalism
fear that the exasperation of the People will be so
ash, spruce or any long grained flexible wood. I
I forgot to tell you, we don't usually lend any
batting averages and all the statistical blight that makes a
thus: "Whether nations live in prosperity or starve
come 2a-calling," I said. "Can't see no reason
new and dynamic liberalism" and this
objects of beauty or interest. Vittoria, on the
for the larger sizes, so they have the
conventional remedies to which he had been subjected
purely physical thing. The cure for which is sleep. This is only
Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to
to be dying out; but a full discussion of
been raised against the strikers and is now beginning
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law,
you offer them. A good start will put them in a
remained empty. And so did the arms of Dai
Conservative. I am horrified and amazed
are parents or even grandparents
re-established in their port by negotiation
guilty interest in the devilment busi-
might have made an ocean liner envious, seemed
It was Mr. Butler who authorised action which
when in spite of carefully worded state-
nesia arrived in Belgrade as the guest of the Yugoslav
be to see there is no racial discrimination
Minister of the Central African Federation, went
I'm going with a shooting party. What else can I do
policy decisions established at the Scar-
But this view led to too many difficulties and
disarmament to shift the emphasis of
out fast.... What a gay, lively people, and what a
We parked the Lambretta opposite the
and too big when not.
per cent. in the last eight years.
the subject Social Psychology used to be called
chairbacks, luncheon mats, etc. Crochet hooks
serve at least a year overseas. There is
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
homoeopathy had been brought to
resulting panel utilized for decorating a useful
thought of a fire....
day that the offer - 357million - was
your time on that chap.
himself was being treated under a doctor who
We went straight to bed and slept until
The sister, able to swim, had returned
likely that she had been carrying much money. A porter at Hounslow
Whitehall farce last night, looked like
busy town. At Rome, every other man was a
Newmarket urban council, says: "I shall always feel this as a
days Mr. Lisbon had a record contract. And they
frame that will sit firmly on
on.
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
When Scarborough carried our point of view
written entirely by one author before the
screws driven from the inside. The footrest is a
Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia
one: the cost of a pot of any description is saved
play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
France and Italy, and that he himself was being
over West Germany's cash offer to help
briefcase. 'So that's why you are so
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
or B in the finals next May, and since mating
stage, but the French have one of their
be added to this list, for his new film
and got away with it."
it was Labour which first put a ceiling
She was tempted to laugh, but it was as though that barb still stuck
right! Congratulations! And away you go into
unilateralists was not possible, though
undermining - the service. Answering the
as on bases - were decisively carried.
with the St. Pancras rent riots. Today
Lloyd said on # Tuesday that he proposed
a new image. Certainly, he is now a
um-chink... it went. Slightly flat and jangly in
has been against me, as there has been much
"Drama '61" last night as a smooth,
of course) and for those to have
and wet pavements, the school play-grounds,
of draught porter. But will we see its
progress, because they were men of taste
Grantham, Lincs, kindly offered to
which left its central character and the world
clamping into position with a 'D' clamp. Bend
recordings and television.
when only 20 per cent of them stood to gain
Then here was Nice, and the old holiday
Tito would like some such idea extended also
taken to St Thomas's Hospital it was his
for once, the Government were to voice the real feelings of
plants grow quite well in plastic pots and
conference decisions when it suits their own
there were two plates of beans.
His job is to build up the military apparatus which
substantially higher last year than in 1959.
their set moods but played with proper
have reached a sufficient stage of development
home and shot himself, leaving a note
but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find
the existence of it. These birds are, the Cherubim
He said he was waiting for his senior
cultivated with extraordinary success in France and Italy,
alleviation of his painful malady. None
after the Dedication, the Archbishop
It is difficult for many to see Mr. Pearson
level than in the past" might be useful.
of developed and underdeveloped countries alike."
His smile will be blander than ever. WE are in
of need and with one standard for all
a cardboard role, didn't stand a chance. Now comes
ous conventional remedies to which he had
makes her few brief scenes effective, and Mr.
relieve his feelings. On the small-to-medium
reign of Charles 2 stating: 'Lost: a lawn 1hand-
a man "very close in conversation and
nothing new under the sun, but regarding
also has its premiere tomorrow, the director,
is not yet a unitary world.
Kennedy, writes Dennis Ogden from Moscow. The
This was why the Labour Party did not think it right
I could at once notice the great antagonism
They will overflow and private houses will have to be used.
an Employee Relations Officer of
the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted
to light a great deal of discreditable
that # appeasement over Berlin could
healing the sick, my considered opinion is that
thought of a fire....
its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
establishment, it is a disagreeable chore
scorned these more simple country folk.
Arnold Olner
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a
Even then it might be easier to persuade the British
an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de
abide by what we said at the meeting,"
church, they could just whisper to
Between all the interested parties, the final
yesterday. His secretary, American-born
Soon a carnival springs up on the sight of
That little beast, Robbie Munyard!" Having
demonstrated outside the British-owned Kingsway
of a good neighbour. She has put up the value
Deliverance: Passover and its connection
to give the system a trial, adding that it was being
metaphorical braces were visible in the
the London talks on the Protectorate's
"undermining the Health Service" and
sitively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife,
The train drew into another station
an old man. Here it is a young homosexual,
First launder crochet and then pin to the required
has been gained with them. Plastic pots
Strangely enough, the Berlin audience received
to contemplate in an election year.
to welcome Hitler's troops as tourists.
Presidential election campaign. He claimed
Shelagh Delaney. Just because A Taste
surroundings she learns sex is something sordid,
are now being worked out by the Chiefs
James has pumped life into a slim, strained
The first hint of the Chancellor bowing to
rowing this dinghy (Fig. 3). They are very simple, cheap
captain of the junior hockey team at
Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation.
that the offer - 357million - was not good
left Dinas at two-thirty-five as usual.
I'm glad you're beginning to see that you're wasting
# he is going out fast.... What a gay, lively
But in his absence his chief lieutenants have
to modulate from their set moods but played
studied under its founder, the aged
throttled to death by his wife, children and
that it is used in a slightly moister
EICHMANN continues # to reveal the extraordinary divisions of the
arrived, which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be
generate a melodramatic inevitability which
"The jackals bay when there is nothing better they can do."
of character than caricature. This is also the chief,
clearly, sections of the movement reaffirmed their
the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey consulted in
the opportunity to show is just as interested in the
night by his leader, Mr. Gaitskell. Mr.
aroused the fainting appetite and added a
of the union would become easier in the context
was swamped by the know-how of Marilyn Monroe
It is not easy to make an economic
days. It has been a hard road back
mass of Radicalism, & then God knows
malady. None of the numerous conventional
For many years my union had to present its views
not good enough. And he indicated
will put a matzo ball into orbit, and Lichtenstein
Government suggests that all is not well
being limited or an adjustment being made
he is going out fast.... What a gay, lively
what a busy town. At Rome, every other man
very unlikely; if Formula Three restores the original
the Northern Rhodesia Constitution is
as for more secular purposes. In 1910 Dr. Talbot
a mingled shower of flowers and odorous
of Home, Foreign Secretary, and with other
tremble for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot
turn. By comparing personal appearances
sisters had to quit as their home was falling down. And Mr. Crabb
could render simple part-singing tolerably well.
There is no reason whatsoever why he should reproach himself. The
and the great advantages to be derived from
principle, that is all that need be required of it. It is a pity
in financing." The Government decided to adjust
well in Limpsfield where she had a house next to the
a Commonwealth which had room for a racist
M Ps yesterday: "I have no knowledge of secret negotiations."
"We want to discuss what to do if the
was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom
'It's not mine. I wasn't sitting there.' She blinked
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples.
grounds from the Viking in the north down
He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's alleged
Elizabeth South, announced immediately
front gates. Splendid. By showing concern
days of your children in the land, which
general system of "francs-tireurs", to be named
"Silly boy," said Morfydd. Though she
decision is to be faced now, on which side
characters.
her school. So help me so was I.
agreement in Vienna on the need for an effective Laos ceasefire,
and reserves, with 750 policemen posted
will eat out of your hand - if they like what
years of war, when most lives were upset and
splendid variety of goods to choose from.
these fine young people was closely geared to
mingled with the memory of sandwiches
claimed was underpinning - not
resemblance to the shrunk heads we had
We were woken up twice about dawn by a soft
regrettable, that the agitation against
Dai Pugh, taking a tearful farewell of
name was Pierre Tortorolo which, in Nicoison Italian means
in preventing a nuclear war as a neutral
general election showed Nationalists being
enthusiastic when one Miss Anna Kerima was selected
After you'd left the meeting, mister" - I
fear it may be too much for the city's refugee camps.
weighs only 60 lb. but can carry three people
Sir Roy's representative, Mr. Julius Greenfield. He was
to keep an appointment with Heather.
first journey into Space.
November, he was 'suffering as usual', but hoped, he
when the time came to leave, Harry felt as de-
like a beaten woman and the turtle-doves cried her
supported the sister's statement that Elizabeth Camp had been alone in her
self as a stranger in these parts
and forefinger. 2. Make a loop by
Harry Carroll from Leicester (B B C, 8.25). A
"Isn't it?" he rose and smoothed himself
rest, one feels, were driven to effective action
Labour has to have an adequate number of
cinema. And we know what people want." The
for herself; we would be altogether clearer
TODAY, in London, that rash and thoughtless policy has
Washington next week. A big slice of
use a heavy old base as in
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived
to her brother-in-law (with whom
Committee of 100 being imprisoned for inciting
most destructive youngster. Almost any available
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always
Sentence Database
is still the diplomatist, more at home
architecture which Mr. John Betjeman had
she could not afford to buy a house at all.
Mr. Hammarskjold to use force if necessary to
it was your car I suppose he
behave like anything of the kind. I
went dead again, and Steve had no stomach for
this property...." "But, they're safe, are they? I mean,
douloureux. As early as 1830, when Anglesey believed
begun. Instead of having the desired effect,
of the pro-communist Neo Lao
to the police. But they only tut-tutted. "Lost
reported on Mr. Weaver. He believed
each." Not so, dear Oxford Dictionary.
know little, we know much.'
who acts as a protector and comforter to her in her hour
We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality
was shown at the Scottish Trades Union
but we must not - and I am not - be
Germany to pay more. He did not
and left the chamber. He returned five
instinct to the unborn child as much as to the
The East Anglian behaviour (see p. 82)
speed to the Villa, it was quickly evident that
I can't recall a production where so many
act oddly like the queer foreigners of
one's own handiwork produce something
growth of West Berlin's occupation status.
the surest way to avert it.
the winter. In late November, he was 'suffering
Community without prior negotiation with a view
your mouth-organ.'
a single defence force. There would be
last night: "We want to discuss what to
a journalist, I write to entertain rather
who is white.
the difference between the 15,695 words
always palely appealing, Mr. James Maxwell,
Madagascar). THE world will sigh with
nuclear weapons in Britain. Britain then
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
State, Foreign Office, as "pedantic and
sentiment would # still favour the abolition
the Federal Premier.
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always
Kaunda. Sir Roy, Federal Rhodesian Prime Minister,
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
But he now feels, in view of a changed international
Thus learning how to learn means becoming
role for an international agreement to ban
By the end of the month he still delighted in
dollars have been drained into Germany.
all nuclear strategy and weapons of mass
Europe. One of these was the Neapolitan,
old school friend at Clifton. He could sustain the tenor part quite well
among the effects left by Nell Gwyn is an
stricter in recalling existing overdrafts. This is underlined in
"I feel I've done all I can at the B B C," he
where Hubert had been living to find the old man stowing in
which is a great resource. Vesuvius seems
tried to show that the balance-sheet must
in France and shown last autumn at
the man called Shorty said, "You were saying when
concrete it will be at the cost of over-simplification
At the entrance of the cinema the
A sum of 160,000 was demanded - a staggering figure
making not only to young girls, but to little
Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson
refusing to sit round the conference table.
would be "integrated" to a greater
You can free-wheel down a quarter of the
the decision to dispense with National
There was a click and the
beautiful enigma, seen but not heard. However,
consulted in May 1834.
and control would be much easier to
against African fanatics and woolly minded
is also a comedy of manners,
of the libretto, which contains an odd blend of highly
laid down to meet the Commonwealth
probably mean jail and, though frail, he is very fit and
of the House of Lords, but while it remains
he had made into the problems that beset
does not want his daughter to marry a Scotsman.
year, 1914, when war broke out. Very soon Chaplains for
also aware how # unpopular she has been growing
been much rain and damp, but the temperature is high
are dealing with a noble edifice which
reception room was too small when divided
teen men seventy years of age or older,
Later that year he warned that Britain knew
and write them later. I've got a bit owing too.
Fortunately, however, the fashion for Victorian
and leave the rest to him."
accompanied by other measures of a military,
explain. His story was that he had left home to try to
given his proper place in the history of the
father-in-law, always comically grotesque;
married we won't have these explosions of emotion,
under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
head-stones in the churchyard, "sacred to the
a house in Anglesey-road is a congregation who
a good address.' Now, after a woman's radar look,
we are necessarily bound for
to give the system a trial, adding that it was being cultivated
ber of German film directors who have
remarkable degree of sub-normality.
basic effort to improve living
making fabric pictures or designs.
declared, was not to invite war, but
Hotel. POLICE, on direct orders from the Cabinet, are
old, star-studded West End than he will ever feel in
the Leader of the Opposition, Sir de
derived from this unity of conception and
afternoon service at the church, each child
of our European Free Trade Association partners
est for childless couples, especially older
Only Mr. Lucas's actions, therefore, arose
They have earned his strictures. And his
to discuss Weaver's appointment. Senator
had firmly closed the door in our noses.
their mission have been disclosed, but it
ustrations in the following pages will show
the 1/4 in. ply. Make a very small hole for
doubt. For the Tories were massed
was translated to Winchester, and Dr. Hubert
thing from food to music.
by Quentin Lawrence, here, held together
Angel." I don't know why I was so
conference of neutralist leaders.
the Polaris base has generated some antagonism
religion as had failed to detect this cult.
information, which held no interest for her:
service to the Exchequer will have increased over
Gavin raised his glass to her and smiled
permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The Pearl',
are a novice? It's their interest you want - not their
third astronaut went up - what's his name?
1830, when Anglesey believed himself to be on the point of death,
From Nato headquarters Mr. Rusk went to see President de Gaulle
didn't get in! Instead he might have ended
the other. If care is taken not to waste the
Canadian, during a chat about space-flight:
can't imagine the hospital without me for
until we were sent for, confirming
the 1960 record set last Christmas.
pro-western centre and south.
asked solicitously. 'You do look tired.
desire on the part of all concerned for
The cool evening perfumes stood
dissolution, which must be had, will be a mass
engagement would probably have to be for
well if you don't wear it for a bit, Di," he
night club is replaced in its original
ference admitted he did not know
In some ways it will be a testing occasion
for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot but
"But," he continues, "the greatest is
God grant, however, that I may be a false
few brief scenes effective, and Mr. Dinsdale
African National Congress (400,000) will
# Khruschev, was also taken to the
as from Nov. 1. The hand-over, due in
cups with the dexterity of Chinese jugglers.
The views of the Archbishop, who has
Cut out the bottom and sides accurately from the
house built earlier than 1918."
is not asking us to believe that, because of
preserve that distinction. "I already know about
a fire....
This is not a filmed play. It has been conceived
common man.)
chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenfield, telephoned
theme of the destructive power of unbridled
in Sussex, in all its obscene details. Then the radio
well. But it was Mr. Houston's evening.
by Comrades Krobo Edusei, Tawia Adamafio," and
the apartheid policy.
some tempers were easily frayed, the most
majority in Northern Rhodesia, but the
he is not being hypocritical. That is what he
But back, Mr. Hammarskjold is determined,
Gaulle, and the rest of the paper was given up
But in 1897, alas! there was no fingerprint bureau,
Group Captain looked. "Broughtons," he said silkily.
Centres. The former consists of representatives from
islands tapering to shipwrecked castles and
In those early years 1914-18, life was very full
people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every other
among the children and young people.
all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand,
taken a town in the industrial North of
As early as 1830, when Anglesey believed himself to be
are humans. You are only flymen. We will
sure you must be tired,' his mother insisted.
was over." Again her laughter trilled. "Marriage
the troops are very fine.'
From the day it hatches in the spring
four years. During this period he wrote a book,
Those who lend their names to this kind of
British Government gives in to Sir Roy
The joint communique on Mr. Kennedy's and Mr. Macmillan's
We can do with the extra money. It'll just about
red pounds. The lawyer said:
"decent, feasible and workable."
is known for some time to have favoured a
to murders, apart for an outcry against a
the B.B.C.: - Go ahead! ONE man beyond all others is saddened
pressed as when he left Mrs. Halliday's office,
this Conference, held in October, 1957,
kissed by the sun.
yet thought of a fire....
had been murder.
Thomas, isn't it," as though they didn't really think
built up neatly. Susan Strasberg is the crippled
Eastern Europe. By 1963 the Germans plan to have
instrument, and her head was smashed in.
a mass of Radicalism, & then God knows
seeking. African delegates are studying
Sentence Database
him off yesterday.'
broadcast and television report on his
tremble for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I
& I have not yet thought of a fire....
with a gentle and charming character, even-tempered
central characters to their background,
Here are the plans of a very seaworthy little
in tax-free champagne whilst he had to go
had been reported in Northern Rhodesia. More
& I have not yet thought of a fire....
What happened to the new book partially tape-recorded
present figure is 19.5 per cent. There are many
had the desired effect today at Kumasi where the
she decided Pierre would solve our problems. This
3. Work and leisure 4. Living arrangements
the roundabout, which was
# it to be seen that he thought going to
doesn't he?' During the journey I read
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples.
night and formed a queue stretching
by the deaths of two elderly sisters who killed themselves because
most treatments of its subject by attempting
which could launch an atomic attack on
of different occupational levels?
artists with delightful studies, there is no
This should strengthen the campaign to
common industrial contribution was
house, and whether it has been regis-
was an iniquitous injustice. When they burst into
action by the author in spite of the
find the answers.
also has its premiere tomorrow, the director,
bably the toughest man in Mr. Nkrumah's team,
We must learn all we can about
distinguished patient and his symptoms. He
has not one word of English.' While he was
And up to ten years' imprisonment can be imposed
A CURIOUS advertisement on page nine, paid
diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey
and swallowed like a prairie oyster is
destruction, and lay the basis for real
the wildly flapping white sails slashed by
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in the 1960s,
alone used a sharp edge to their humour and cut
letter to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several
considered a piece of resistance.
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
young wives, # harassed by
they really believed Hitler when he screamed at
10 note on to the bar and orders a
Ministers concerned with overseas aspects
Commanding R.A.F. Station, Dinas, looked keenly at the
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence
some 2,000 delegates, the biggest gathering since 1958
of conception and control are everywhere
lady who loved small talk and the discreet
havens of rest, and the welcome has never
little time and concentration the woman at home can
someone to love".
from heavy to fine can fulfil a variety of
hope of improving the lot of his fellow workers, taken
tent of the taper, and in
viable craft. It has, in fact, readily
Mr. Macmillan.
At one time it was thought that mind could indeed
We followed Nick Dowd into the shack.
was monstrous. It had offended many
control are everywhere apparent.
usual', but hoped, he told Arthur, 'to find this
been an election campaign which more people
Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey
House was crowded. He said: "No # British
repair the damage they have done. WHO can grow the
year the Economic Consultative Council should meet
Germany's "aid" is the early payment
it, looking moodily beyond her. "Perhaps it's as
they galloped to the walls and spumed
in Accra.
queer foreigners of tradition.
impression remains that the Liberal leader
called "the going-out of the land of
us and a few six-shooters. But most of us
set of skilled manufacturing processes in one
reflected not only an increasing awareness
be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the
3. Hold loop in place between thumb
sation of the German cinema. Wicki is
an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre
German curative method known as
Renoir girl who expects everything from
the body, and to reserve the more prosaic word "mind" for
Twenty Years," was anti-British.
It alleged: Phones were being tapped and
using double standards. Ministers had
succeeded in his second film in
this letter he heard of the fall of
content with issuing bulletins on the dangers
is nailed and glued together strongly, it may be marked
and eat, Anybody who is thirsty, let him come and
Government. Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter
due in Washington next week. A big
marry Miss Worsley, hardly a day will pass
ingenious, but mad film director of the
from four until five-thirty in the residents' common-
Government was to denounce the United
exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives a performance
Russ Conway, who has tinkled his way to fame on an old 2pianna,
Whigs, and the temporary assumption of the government
Donahue; and Claudette Colbert, still
close connection. There is a lot to be said for keeping the
talks.
necessarily apply to the larger sizes, as
Shepard and that Salvation Army chap Gagarin -
in pursuit of the old familiar anti-Soviet
to pull themselves together. Far better
is derived. Qoheleth has a second
tests from Canon Collins, chairman
play-grounds, the public monuments and
brandy owner's solo swish on his anecdotal
psychology in its search for ultimate units and here
This is expected eventually to replace the
While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall of
whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834.
I cannot but fear that the exasperation of the
Africa while she remains in the Commonwealth
is indeed to be purely scientific in character.
and State housing projects.
and it is an achievement - is to make religious con-
Diana was trailing up the gravelled drive to the hospital
should not change to fahrenheit?
efficiency and, in the case of Mr. Richards,
rate, have proved that wrong. And they say, too,
denied in the Commons last night that
in Neh. 2.8 and S. of Sol. 4.13.
"good girl" parts (Tuesday Weld gets the "bad girl"
Mrs. Charlton have been from the first difficult
Thomas Spreng
universally a dull bewildered apathy.
further confusion within the movement. Unity
be a little more orderly for we so frequently just muddle
they could have measured up the road and
America an onerous obligation which it
a real treasure, of yeoman stock and clever in all domestic
if we have then by our practice
feeding tray to slide over a 30 in. table, but the height
Dr. Sukarno, President and Prime Minister of
Moke consciously or unconsciously symbolised, any-
are equal on each side and that the transoms
an effective alleviation of his painful malady. None
"On the Rebound" (RCA).
dollar reserves. Dr. Adenauer's answer is the
that the problem "must be solved
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What infatuation!
He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as
United National Independence Party
an express took him off yesterday.'
a half years ago. Nevertheless there is little
Mr. Brown retorted: "The jackals bay
the first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily,
them - thank Heaven! A good picture of
assumption of the government by the Duke of
them. The little man from the Inter-Insular
Majesty's Government have come to the
beginning to find the stereotyped, flattish, happy
which takes place at company expense in a country or
a human being', had an increasing number of
machines, the choice of which will
other man was a priest: here the priest is
of water. First-class plants of tomatoes,
Rome, every other man was a priest: here the priest is 1superceded
technical means of abstraction.
and informed him of the Vienna outcome. Last night Mr. Rusk arrived
work was growing pretty heavy, and we managed
exasperation of the People will be so great at the
enough. And he indicated that his
Purley she offered to come and look after me. She was
all important."
Last year saw the defeat of two Conservative
overlook the possibility that this might have
that girl who said hullo to him in the garden?
bridal veil handed down from mother
They are slightly more difficult to
art of making fireproof earthenware from
correspond to the sides and bottom of the boat.
will be that as Labour 0M Ps opposed the Govern-
is insisting on a policy of change.
treated under a doctor who had studied under
parliamentary opinion by at least allowing these Bills a fair run.
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.
from appreciable motives. The rest, one feels, were
aides to come up with the answer on
This figure has been surpassed only on the eve of the
Germany has no tradition of trading abroad. In addition
article.
There have been many conflicting tendencies in
their share, and there were precious few
Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great
weapons within the Nato alliance. "Let us say
moved by a strong maternal instinct to
persevering, 'but he appears to despair of ever being cured.'
Prizes being what they are, Berlin is unusually
easily, is produced. The obvious limitation #
When, however, the Greeks did learn the
There was a somewhat shocked atmosphere in
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a technical
any idea of reading music. This was the village doctor who was an
approval. Mr. Watkinson remains con-
Britain should champion Belgium. Not
comforter to her in her hour of need. He
record, anyway.
in the "Play of the Week" series on
The Talmud describes that the Shamir lives in
handing them to us, "but it's all we got
England and has made it live. The shabby
as plant and machinery. The
violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority
Monty saw him in Bombay, became his manager.
slightest effect.
For expansion today means still greater
before riveting on the gunwales so that you do not put
RONALD Lewis has just left for his first taste of the
from India to seek disc fame. Comedian Hal
or already in retirement but also a strong
the Communist "Nato." He said rocket-
emptiness. A FEW minutes later the father
Information, Mr. Quinim Pholsena, who
development being limited or an
at the roots and I had a redhead on
went to the pictures. Philip allowed
Eric Roll, 53-year-old Deputy Secre-
Prince of the Demons, "Ashmodeus" to bring him
charges. Mr. Powell, white-faced and
on to the second generation. One of these was that
Mr. Kennedy told Mr. Macmillan that he still
1960s, no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux.
to the shore, but instead of returning
circumstances the time would come when this would
false prophet & that all may go well.
you?" "What is there to write up?" said
that, because of their odd accents, they
This emphasis on the legality of the former
someone who knew their native villages.
West Germany were published in Moscow yesterday. They
U.S. and Great Britain, not only in Government
While he was in Naples there had opened a
About another 70,000,000 is due
troops in Germany.
troops. His main theme was that nuclear
unfamiliar theme of the destructive power
of them Left-wing # sympathisers.
Towards the end of 1956, Mr. Daniel Grant,
Lansdowne Road district, but I needed more help in the
to revise your ideas about - er - the type of
by 1 1/4 in. by 14 in. timber is fixed across
and his symptoms. He told Hahnemann that he
disagree with him? The facts answer that.
the House. Early results in yesterday's
homoeopathy had been brought to his notice.
among unorthodox medical men in the cities
gave a concert at which the accompanist was the village schoolmaster,
until some future date. They deceive the people
of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
father-in-law, always comically grotesque;
bloody child at the crossroads.
same afternoon.
would still favour the abolition of the House
on the not unfamiliar theme of the destructive
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
he told Arthur, 'to find this place agree with
scorn heaped on it by Mr. Shinwell.
can be sterilized or washed by machine.
At Rome, every other man was a priest:
couples (probably because of the
The Government's pompous little statement
slowly, "If you must drag the truth
when he shook the case there was a rustling thud
He went on to describe the kind of
Each size of hook is made for use with a certain
"Nigel," she had besought him, "you know that evening
it is of no interest to me.
By the end of the month he still delighted in
monwealth Economic Consultative Council - the
whenever he flirts with another woman. He will
the answer. Disturbed by vague uneasiness, she
of Capetown has shown that the matter is
"He's got to be 35," says Bobby Darin,
and gives her his forlorn gift of com-
to leave at eleven, but she arrived
but there was no Monsieur V. He telephoned
concluded, declaring that the present
convinced, on the basis of the information
FRANK FOULKES, Communist president
all right, but support for the committee
future. Said Mr. Nkumbula last night:
country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot
him off yesterday.' While he was in Naples
to believe that, because of their odd
to a depreciation tax allowance
The heli-hopping Duke of Edinburgh,
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is
cannot be followed together. What the council has done -
racial discrimination in Government
The edges of the transoms should be bevelled to
"Yeah," said Dowd dubiously. "2Mebbe we'd
Service, or over any other aspect of
Berlin crisis. Mr. Watkinson and his advisers
the Federal Government. Mr. James Callaghan,
N. Enquiries had been made in the
While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
of Staff, a process that may take four
members of the panel responsible for the scheme.
most of the hopeful 15-year-olds leaving school
Home-making and is now known as Domestic
"It is true he made a point of again being absent
born Bronx carpenter named
this unity of conception and control are
for them.
advice. In doing so he described his distinguished
as it is called), is not entirely ruled out,
the offer - 357million - was not good enough.
These support costs are a big drain on America's
the marriage of the central characters to their
hour of need. He shares her room and gives
stitches, attractive articles can be made
particularly as the troops are very fine.'
always palely appealing, Mr. James Maxwell,
cross pieces and is made of 1/2 in. plywood
picture of this "basis" of mental phenomena?
handsome offer so I chimed in too. "That
be able to return home claiming a triumph.
Williams (Cons., Sunderland) called out
America's balance of payments position. He
be that as Labour M Ps opposed the
man was a priest: here the priest is 1superceded by
Prime Minister should begin to take
are another stage in the cloak operation,
create the atmosphere of a city.
the public monuments and the rubbish strewn
informed Mr. Macmillan of his discussions with Mr.
very intimate with the people and the environs. Every year between the
picks up recipes from # her daughter.
else in sight to supplant him. So the con-
With this the vast majority of jobs
Shyly, Morfydd Owen produced a block of
Conservatives and 12 per cent for the C.C.F.).
to stop.
Then Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to the
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
subjected ever since the symptoms had first shown
"But I'm only going fifteen miles away,"
tered. I take it you have a mortgage lined
boys who passed the Admiralty exams for Rosyth
lively people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every
urgent - particularly in unions serving
Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and #
Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey
alleviation of his painful malady. None of the numerous
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended
American leadership. But a big role has been
Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective
normally.
and more definite, namely, that
or five months.
Her figure was small and exquisite, like a schoolgirl's still, and
whether America was lagging behind
to disaster. It may be that the Commonwealth
hauled his thumb-tacked joanna the thirteen
head-stones in the churchyard, "sacred to
And, since this is election year in West
or not the attempt succeeded if we had a
upbringing and a possible reprieve might
The numerically largest group, consisting of male
rose to avoid breaking the blocks with a spout
thing this week I have never before witnessed,
"mind" has given rise to endless
It was signed by 60 Labour M.P.s, many
would prefer to put our hopes for earthly justice in
comedy. He does his rescue act in "Double Bunk"
Carole Shelley as the newly-wed and Larry Noble
of the first ten years of the promised
gripping a loaded rifle, told his wife:
a wooden floor you can use
that Labour should not take any steps which would
programme to the needs of older employees
"Such retaliation might, and probably would,
strably better than the other? The centigraders may
a town in the industrial North of England
wire as shown in Fig. 6. Make sure that these
heavy unemployment and an uncertain economy.
1. Are there differences in adjustment to ageing
which he had endowed them. One hopes that he
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
Ultratoryism, that the Commons House upon a
some expensive, some quite cheap; some good
his own briefcase key, a suitcase key and a
There were also brief discussions on Laos, Berlin
and diagnoses the inner states responsible for them.
Market Commission, or wherever the Six decide
worth of jewellery struck me as ingenious. The play
this is seen on the 150 miles of spawning
and to all who are striving for a stable peace,"
condition. His return to Dublin was
view of the Russian tests, and said that
flag on a palm tree. And he tries to ensure
of bases.
to settle the relationships between them and the
Gaitskellism is bankrupt.
packing a case, at his Chelsea home
The result of the vote was not in
with the human issue behind the Health
inevitability which left its central character
into orbit. Time passed. The Rev. Edwards' pulpit
the German ambassador in London was dictating
Arguably, the dramatist has committed a
than 163,000,000 of the banks' money is now frozen in the
efficient and congenial containers in which
good and is not paying for the past
lived on in Purley - have always been
Senator Allen Ellender, of Louisiana,
a gay, lively people, and what a busy town.
back to England, and returned to Rome for the
Scarborough decisions, while # scratching
their book, and there was quite a
Brown reminded the hostile Government benches
ponder how their gardening tools are mysteriously
is made from 1 1/4 in. by 1/2 in. timber.
from the school curriculum and even
about in quite the same way.
dford for a false moustache, it left him with something to
large. But the British text includes
near Leipzig, asking for advice. In doing so he described his
treatments of its subject by attempting to
It is the tendency to get things
impetus and an economic growth
plans do not give the Africans the overall
Some of the problems were reviewed yesterday at a
the setting up among the German population of a
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law, the
master at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking for advice.
of "Abou Ben Adhem."
easily irritated, patient and persevering,
appear to "prop up" an out-dated institution.
B.Kaufmann
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
priest is 1superceded by the soldier -
invasion of our islands all the "able-bodied
desert her friends. HAPPY, happy
nuclear tests conference and to the question of disarmament. "The
obligations of the allied Governments in Berlin."
it is reasonably quick to work. In the following
will take the rigours of prison in his stride. He
whose profits had risen by up to 400 per
"mind" vanishes, at any rate for some time. It seems very difficult
goes for me, gentlemen," I said. "If they do try
to discuss a common course of action. Sir Roy is
the screws. I prefer spacing screws 3 in. apart for
a secret report to his chief von Papen, in Berlin.
person they observe his visible behaviour and then try
Two emissaries from the Laotian Government
Conference, where I remember introducing myself as
children, but rose by 3 per cent in the older two-adult
kercher with a broad hem laced round with
in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
tremble for my country! I may be mistaken,
shortages, of the good old days of
surroundings she learns sex is something
Berlin faster than ever. Mr. K's latest
America's balance of payments position.
by the Duke of Wellington.
compared with four divisions of
of 1913.
National Congress (400,000) will meet in London today
Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the
a well-established learner and the world
to aim at the wrong one! MRS. MARCIA POWER,
a few minutes later from a nearby village,
She avoided his gaze, and tried to ignore that
Union. This meant organizing lectures and courses of
new seat outside the hospital
By the end of the month he still delighted in
Camp, aged thirty-three, the girl who was to have
leaders are insulted, her embassies are
city with two million people. It should be sited
We could, perhaps, say whether or not the attempt
way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated
an agent, visit half a dozen houses in one
than Naples. The journey has been against me, as
any precise information.
as the troops are very fine.'
It was growing cold. We left the
northwards.
we can only indicate what seems to be the most promising
speeded-up drive to improve West
in revulsion against the South African
Though they may gather some Left-wing support, a
Hell." Doc answered for her. "Just Hell. Never able to
ripping out parts from hardwood. Most men
joined us. You are flymen, we are human. You
last night that he had considered early
stock at home has fallen in the face of
that he is not asking us to believe that,
unemotional, replied with a statistical state-
M Ps are likely to turn down the Foot-
They'd rigged up a stove of sorts and on it
right 2hyar, Nick," said the Sodbuster.
of companionship and sympathy - "you need someone
explicably from appreciable motives. The
This was taken by the Suffragan Bishop of Woolwich,
Seventh Avenue, The Pigsty, always open.
is represented by Sir Roderick Barclay
told them, 'the police will act.' At five to ten
adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell
The President will probably discuss the
"That cannot continue without either
example, surely no one can pretend to enjoy
are frequently used. The simpler varieties are
"facilities" in France, Holland and
British Army of the Rhine on to a war footing.
eruption of turtle-doves.
north of Vientiane, but this claim
Studies attached to some American universities
hoping for the mark to rise, as has now happened.
Administration's sharpened policies, the
little more faith in the way in which Mr.
to the Africans and Liberals attending. These
was 800 feet high above the sea level! The
life-insurances or any of the other normal
by Mr. Houston's accomplished
resort hotel, includes an address on 'The Woman's Point
Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter
Labour Solicitor-General, and Mrs. Barbara
on the linen following the outline of the crochet edges
of Lords, but while it remains Labour has to
But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky, Prime
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law, the
No wonder there is doubt and fearful heart-searching.
Like Dr. Globke, whom I interviewed the other day, Eichmann
limited success. He rallied behind him
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
The skeleton of the boat will now take shape,
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
taken a town in the industrial North of
The election was the fourth in four years.
three of them, no more. I reckon we can deal
organs were impaired years ago), and
pieces. These can then be cut at the correct
This was called Ellen Avenue when I first went
unassailable simply because there is no one
There is a possibility that it will not be
The process has been too slow for Herr
assurance and is a match for the
others that he is a prophet. He is, in fact, a
have # led to restrictive practices. Now a new
AFTER ten days of intermittent, near fatal
both in the parish and in the wider war activities.
Haksat Party, also to the officers
Then comes engineering, followed by iron and steel.
could be found.
new world she was entering there might
like the photograph shown him, with
however, disdain this opportunity of obtaining a useful sample of
Mr. Iain Macleod, is insisting on a policy of change.
I know?" she smiled. "I think so.
the public monuments and the rubbish
ately refrained during the summer from
have agreed to get together to face
technical error in allowing Irene to speak
And third, to study these damned Thetans.
Naples. The journey has been against
full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical
As a result, the Glasgow Retirement Council came
year or not, Mr. Pearson, with his party
hour before her body was discovered,
men talked alone.
in the Peers' Gallery.
a farmer in a field. He seemed
Mr. Healey denounced the Government for
man with a gentle and charming character,
Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to
taken in Adultery, and this accounts
face from his warnings during the
half-broken pots is an unlovely sight
candidate often used that finish. No wonder he
so great at the return of Ultratoryism,
Continent." The Baltic States were
uncuckolded, unrobbed, sheltered from
instructions on how to do the job coupled with
'more like a God upon earth than a human being',
a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents
their bluster, they let many a big fish through the
insensitively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his
going out fast.... What a gay, lively people, and
said Dan. "We'll watch the stage out of reach."
up either for the sham it is - and many
at Admiralty House. A statement is expected today
must of course keep out. The Americans were
ernment in recent sessions, he is
of heart (whatever that may mean) would
ference will concentrate on laying the
rescued her by saying with disdain:
say this. I'd like to live in America
"Oh, she was due!" And then he added in the same
Food, and Fisheries. The Foreign Office
failed. Their three boys, now successful men,
Know how he did it? He's clever on
Nationalists and 20 United party candi-
Can it be shown that the one scale is demon-
French doubts were more about procedure
survey of a life work. P. J. K. HANS WERNER
the soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly
African Federation, went to Chequers at
the heavier threads are used for bedspreads,
a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he is going out
mention personal talks with Dr.
mother nodded with understanding. 'You're not tired.
Mr. Iain Macleod, the Colonial Secretary, denied
back to England, and returned to Rome for the
they were not asked to modulate from
The Church Army Captain had done very good work in the
never actually got to church, but who are
only rocket and launcher in Europe to
to Britain's moves towards the Six was
return to the tradition of all-Regular
Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
remove these doubts, and to persuade the
described by Mr. Godber, Minister of
But lace-making is by no means a lost
contingency would be to sign a peace treaty to remove the cancerous
pathy - "you need someone to love you while
written to advise Anglesey to give the system
audio-TV training techniques, he can be switched
clear that he would accept Britain into the
verbs, and other parts of speech occurring
psychology is concerned - these patterns are the concern of
the knotted part of the button stitch lying on the
See Fig. 2. These are then glued and
company time, half in the man's time) are
they themselves had no condemnation for
indifferent, but I really tremble for my
doctor would be free during the day; tea was served
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United
is a highly skilled manipulator of contemporary
German film. Most charming was his tongue-in-cheek
play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
thing. 'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which
politics, Lester, give us something on
It was called "Abou Ben Adhem and the
into the darkness.
when they get it. Now a survey of the Post
brilliant Channel fight.
Money had been dead for about an
labourer was able to return to work the
hatred, we felt, was bound to be aimed at the representatives of
eyes of the spectators were hard with
government by the Duke of Wellington.
Dr. Davidson said he would go for
offered six craft apprenticeships and received 450
as the troops are very fine.'
German Foreign Minister, who is due in
patient and persevering, 'but he appears to
in particular, in Yugoslav approval of the idea of an
consulted in May 1834.
a city.
timber as shown in Fig. 1. Although the timber will have already
This was strange, even magic, because the owner's
food scheme. It was maintained during
circles, Harry had the feeling that Moke (or what
if a further deterioration in the situation
complaints about Weaver's loyalty.
movement, which had then chosen a vigorous
to 19.
early as 1830, when Anglesey believed himself to be on
The flat was on the third floor; two rooms; soft Provenc*?
the atmosphere of a city.
of Chiefs.
and damp, but the temperature is high & I have not yet
described to Anglesey a year or two later as 'more like a God
Michelangelo Antonioni.
It arose during talks following
with the committee was going too far; another
which outlines in some detail the accomplishments
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir
the financing - which Mr. Powell
comes in with another of his own works: "Parade of the
pound notes.
a woman's. It belonged to a Madame
I'm such a dull fellow, really." "Dull?" She
to be demonstrations." Yesterday Sir Roy's
employers. THE Labour Party says that the Tory
things in a different way. All the better! - it will
out of operation - in theory, at
Mr. Brown, passionate and warm-hearted,
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
performance of rare intelligence and restrained
man. Here it is a young homosexual, estranged from
he admired her legs, which the male sex were inclined to
the troops are very fine.'
Week" series on independent television, Then
Finally attach the back firmly to the sides with
serving peace in the Congo. That is not a
course of action. Sir Roy is violently
Lester Pearson acceptable to the people
ask themselves this question: How long would
her eyes and reached for her address book. "I'll
Sir Edward Boyle, Financial Secretary
an OLD 2pianna instead of a new one. You got to
I'm afraid we can't take yours into account
For all foods the range was from 3.6 per cent above the national average
characters to their background, which bring the
itself into orbit. Shooting up over the pass a bit
on that point, for she was certain no one
summer fisheries. There is the "swim"
go on strike.
prettier, stronger, and more
gift of companionship and sympathy - "you need
death, the new German curative method known as
to be derived from this unity of conception and control
naughty child with the penalty of not being
who was winding up the foreign affairs
will welcome them. How splendid it would be if, just
their whips to defeat a censure motion
with which he had endowed them. One hopes
Sir Pierson Dixon, Britain's Ambassador to
But, at the same time, there is reason to
much rain and damp, but the temperature is high
shack, his rifle at the ready, I saw it was Nick
have had to take the consequences. Mean-
are very touching but then lace does place
symptoms. He told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey
from the work to ensure a good fit.
man is not here to face the storm. President Nkrumah,
Portofino - and if there's a better view
Naples. The journey has been against me, as there has
incomes between 1954 and 1959 was great-
view, provides the pretext for huge
that it was being cultivated with extraordinary
on Sunday afternoon. I hope the threat
Columbia.
how I hate the Navy!
Lucky, lucky housewives! To have such a
ignored it, the inconsistency
streets and wet pavements, the school
peace and progress. WHEN all the
Compared with 1958, the expenditure index for 1959
that he found Anglesey a strong, energetic
diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey
Much more spacious than that poky little cottage,
It was while I was at Tatsfield that I first visited Oberammergau
a human being', had an increasing number of
Sir Roy Welensky said today that he no
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
to have her gown laced.'
as 'more like a God upon earth than a human
Members of the Cabinet are basing their speeches on
turn down the Foot-Griffiths resolution. Mr.
little Dai was quite the man for her.
committees examining subjects
'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great
Welensky justified in being so harsh to those who
I had a distinct impression that the
Council to reassess the fall-out position in
Services. Its aim will be to produce superbly
of St. James's Park, with its placid lake, pelicans,
as much as to the expectant mother, who
with proper efficiency and, in the case of Mr.
immolated on a nearby roof top, the other pair copulating.
brother-in-law, the diplomatist Lord
authorities ganged up to alter the habits
should still have a powerful appeal for young
how and why the trick was done,
and of course with lower tax reliefs and
Mr. Plewman, left the Progressives deprived
to meet head-on the biggest challenge to
of Investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver.
understand free trade. That is why they fight
Hollywood arena.
Britain and the U.S., which have problems with
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet
back to England, and returned to Rome for
May 1834.
and in the works only, excluding the offices, was
And they are unimpressed by the Germans' claim
borough Labour Party Conference I am
watched it go from the windows of the
away.
commentator. The parade was reviewed by
of English.' While he was writing
Not so long ago older folk were reminding
Pakistan are happy memories. WEST GERMANY - followed
And then you get a knock on the head and all evidence of
you have become proficient in these
to German participation is the absence of
for having smashed a large number # to
hopes that he is not asking us to believe
are backed by a resurgent film industry.
proved yet another red herring, for it was learned that
When the wind was on a rampage, as it was
ratures will be put in the ring together.
can be considered by the full Senate.
present Tory Government, which has become a
Stratford, last spring? It was never finished.
bossed by an Indian, has been in charge for
1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation of
blocks; so can such flowering plants as
from talks with Sir John Moffat, Northern Rhodesian
of the case itself, which
Scot. The Lord Chancellor is a Scot. The Prime Minister is a
impressed with this poem but, on re-
Aubrey Richards, the father-in-law, always
correspond with anything in his own experience. We know
until it dies in the late autumn, the
people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every
himself was being treated under a doctor who
commercial articles, this chair is solidly built and
We started with the plaintive wailings
above all of cinematic sense. Much of it has
The amount of the backward tilt and
which he had been subjected ever since the symptoms had first
a set of principles excluding race discrimination.
have married a parson." He kissed her. "Parsons
one in Leeds, Ontario, and the other two in the
A small man in bib overalls and a battered
would attract enemy action.
Underwater films suggest that the
occupying the province of Xieng
the hull is under construction.
time. I learned from it that in the Institutes of Advanced
committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's
of Education for Glasgow, that industrial firms might be ready
All recent events show how correct the
handsome but was now seedy-looking, a sufferer
the basis of the Soviet Navy. MR.
the timetable of the train in question.
sun came out; Mart went shopping; I
The evil that Byron did certainly lived after
of the government by the Duke of Wellington.
the longest and most exacting role, that of the
approach was made to about twenty large firms and in Oc-
around him in complete, unredeemable de-
is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York. One
the atmosphere of fog and mystery to great
Anglesey a strong, energetic man with a gentle and
situation and movement it matters a lot) is
mahogany table which I bought at a sale for one
fresher courses at the ages of fifty-five and sixty:
when there came a sudden gust of wind
MR. KRUSCHEV raises the bogy of
unorthodox medical men in the cities of Europe. One of these was
exercise any degree of control over the action
affluence it seemed it could not be carried on.
of politics, perhaps, or carried away by the
to have been our destination.
division. But negotiation, as the debate had
the author in spite of the ineffectuality with
rockets (an admission which would scarcely help
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has taken a
Peron entered, a large man, who had once been
MONOTECHNIC INSTITUTE ADVANCED ACCOUNTANCY
treatment. But they haven't done a thing for his film
that has paralysed the port of Takoradi for the past
lated into Seven Days... Seven Nights ...
Macmillan yesterday morning he was given
a suitable pastel shade, using a contrasting colour
The storage problem puts clay pots at a
But both purse and ticket, and the packages, were gone when the body
bell's article, for, as president of a union
being given a number which, as they came into
fluenced to change course. The Archbishop of
and worked lace as well as women and
A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from nominating
While the possibility of an eventual return
over three years by 20 per cent.
"Did you see the indicator board?" "Yes, sir." "And
this hem, with 3 dc at each corner.
the hospitality and welcome he had received.
Most of those who expound a theory of textual
up on 1960. Britain's business men are right to back
in financing." The Government decided to
developed by a firm specialising in electronics
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to
Paris - a blouse, delicate gloves or a fine
rejection of it is a painful blow to the
the position of the footrest, do not place too near
said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks by
has its premiere tomorrow, the director, Mr.
to work with, soft, glossy and of uniform
rare ducks, and other wild life.
Scarborough decisions were. The Kennedy
of his painful malady. None of the numer-
future. The Northern Rhodesia conference in
made her think there was an abyss immediately ahead.
play-grounds, the public monuments and
to love you while you are looking for
Dr. John Leake, who lived at Blackheath, and was
people, is good and attainable. "We remain for it. But the Tories
with them all right."
W.C.U. by threatening to loose off one of his
"Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers,
Senator Allen Ellender of Louisiana sparked
A POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT writes: Ban-the-
grimly, and tugged her fiercely into his arms. "You're
speed, backed by some wonderful timing by
greatly abused.
Back-Face area) the cry would go up,
centage is expected to swell to 80
sticking.
down the Foot-Griffiths resolution. Mr. Foot's line
this mantis is still alive.
that innocence was colossal. It had layer
do the strongest arguments lie? THE Archbishop
to the men and their employers that the venture was an
to the church, and I was most fortunate in having for eight
shown, could be undertaken on a variety
time. Confusion of the original issue
putting a heavy satellite into outer space.
determination is the intention to impose
seeking an answer.
much freedom we can take with safety.
cities of Europe. One of these was the Neapolitan,
with you if you like - and you simply can't
saw to that.
late November, he was 'suffering as usual', but hoped,
and sedate, not easily irritated, patient and persevering,
HERE is a project that will be welcomed by the
supports the policy of depending on American
making progress. His basic defence of the
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law,
Then again, Monsieur V, owing to family
in the smaller sizes that the substitutes
No, he hadn't read it; Madame did all the
the UNIP - were convicted last month in the
he has not one word of English.' While he was writing this
not turn out quite right!
water to make him swim when he is born.
who is also part-author with Miss Delaney
matter. Consideration should also be given
could not help wondering whether, now she
team to negotiate terms for joining the Common Market.
undercoat and at least one coat of finishing paint.
Roy Welensky, the Federal Premier.
being a law unto themselves and opposing
rubbish strewn canals - even the worn
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
common feature that they are all payments in respect of works
To be able to say "New York next week" is an
for anyone who "publishes a report likely to cause
with its militarists and revenge-seekers, is becoming a
miles to London for his first session.
slapstick. This has only one gag -
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master
The village green is the real home of cricket. A couple of bumps
and Yves Montand. Against this couple Frankie, in
The dinner table is the best answer to the grumblers in
but also the backing of the DIRECTOR GENERAL of the Meteoro-
than a handful of new apprenticeships
None of the numerous conventional remedies to which
British Government gives in to Sir Roy and
one word of English.' While he was writing
nuns who carried the craft to Ireland. There it
her fan, in passing; but she did not wait for
a strong, energetic man with a gentle and charming
LESS has been heard of Brendan's work. It is now
homoeopathy had been brought to his notice.
combination of enthusiasm and shrewd anticipation
that Weaver once had Communist affiliations.
One of these was the Neapolitan, Dr Giuseppe Mauro,
train from London Bridge of which
the film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which
A PACKET OF DRAWING-PINS. "Why not," thought ex-soldier
Congress, representing 800,000 organised
controversy among philosophers and psycho-
"unsatisfactory." African delegates to the talks yesterday
wanted him to apply for membership of the Common
to generate a melodramatic inevitability
supporters of unilateral nuclear disarmament were changing
tion to deal ruthlessly with the strikers."
the more elaborate varieties, however, a toe is
or go out.
colouring must be eliminated. He does not
Preparation for Retirement, and on Occupational
much the Government tries to disguise
In April of that year his first wife's
I saw several men running down towards
advocate putting off any approach until
Prime Minister across the floor.
week, they are going to have. If - such
Prime Minister of the outcome of his recent
frame.
infatuation! Personally I am indifferent,
Cut this piece of hardboard so that it
on the Congo." In turn, Mr. Godber was
a favourable change in my eye,
England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late
in London in time to join the Buckingham Palace dinner and to
who had studied under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel
Starfighters provided by the Americans is growing
told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a strong, energetic
He said bluntly in Washington yesterday
Men who earn only a fraction of what their
earth-bound creatures? Aeroplanes fly, Broughtons.
answer is the once-and-for-all cash
Labour has to have an adequate number
opinion is that anybody supporting
the limits of the census to include particulars about
Airport last night to arrive in Washington this
were positions lost. It is my view that this
Common Market. "The Community
to be met at the gates.
birds figure in press advertisements, their
ended well, reported the paper, since the
changes for couples with several children. The quantity
20 million acres are sprayed with dieldrin. An eye-
that of a man on the run (Jean-Paul Belmondo),
level than in the past" might be useful.
there is a distinct possibility that so long
While these may ultimately be made into a picture
National Independence Party (280,000 members)
when it came to dealing with owlhooters and
Mr. Wilson's offer in mind. Guy Eden writes:
CHILDREN TWO men who are poles apart
Sir Francis, is equally convinced Mr.
warranted such a step. It would have to be
own called Veronique which they would
made at the upper toe line
for Sunday in Parliament-square by the
Chinese or native forms of mantis.
cooperate with me in studying praying
did his best for them, even driving them to a new house. John
earlier that the Government had asked
hardboard is covered with plastic material
England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late
diet in 1959.
Theatre tomorrow. It has been produced and
It was a splendid interpretation of the
hut had recently been cleaned and
you are looking for someone to love".
Thus had they parted the previous evening and now
chamber; and Philip and I waited with
had at first been considered as belonging to the killer,
but failed to create the atmosphere of
by an old man. Here it is a young homo-
premature piece of frailty in an oxygen-
smother his courtiers with flowers. Nor was
of wads of paper. 'Cor!' he muttered aloud, 'there's
Bill is good man, and Bueno Buck is raised on lake.
I.R.A. air or a Connemara tear-jerker.
being', had an increasing number of disciples
Krushchov. With the exception of 40 minutes when
saying that if Mo land-troops had to come to the aid
air of electoral expectancy.
buying small pots to improve their composts.
In no other conquered country, not even
have many questions to the Prime Minister asking
On the other hand, those who favour expulsion, inclu-
with plastic wood. Then thoroughly glasspaper the whole
HOW the Government must repent its haste and folly
ancients made use of flowers; they were
with the finger-nail of the opposite hand.
6tic douloureux. As early as 1830, when
and not merely constitute a "prestige"
Godber's performance merited all the mild
to 1958 kept the kingdom in peace, though
debate, said the Government could not
even-tempered and sedate, not easily irritated, patient
fifty thousand feet.
three survived the journey; one thrived
of one-and-a-half hours (each held half in
panionship and sympathy - "you need someone
on unilateral disarmament, and to oppose
desolation. We could, perhaps, say whether
work a man normally does. First,
gate. Second in command is Mr.
This seemed to infuriate Mr. Fell even more. "I cannot be told
had to pay three groats, but this time an adult was re-
(range 950 miles), also provided by the Americans.
business, isn't it?" he said quietly.
it is important that you use the size of hook
to daughters, a lace-trimmed Christening
sordid, and when she experiences it for the
be discovered and trained.
results by buying a small hand-operated soil
enigma, seen but not heard. However, Miss Pinkie
to give the system a trial, adding that it was being
a smoothing plane, otherwise the marks left by the cutters
loose their ancient houseboat on a honeymoon trip down
of death, the new German curative method
Booming Germany is deliberately encouraging more imports
the Bavarian wounded who were delighted to find
In A Taste of Honey Mr. Richardson has
the U.S. Government, Earl Russell suggested. "The
catch home with a click. Cecil, irretrievably laden with
from the real problems to fiddling about
drove up to the Kingsway Stores and faced the
abundance. Now it is mother who
"Munyard didn't tell me that. But I must confess
is established. Ifor Huw Evans, Propr.,
Rebel which was delivered to his agents in June. IT
and those who are for this policy - which is the
"Unheimliche Geschichten" (1920), five ghost stories
every instant." The chilling horror of "Mala-
evening." "No, don't," he said, after
Avoid using lead-based paint as this could prove poisonous
mantis as a pest control in the cold
we knew it all, but you Britishers never run
Two methods can be used to join the crochet to the linen:
disease and accident by doctors, God and
dark; and we went on together to
the United Federal Party and the Dominion
success. The Queen has won a triumph. It
WE have not yet reached the stage in Britain
on Northern Rhodesia does not say much,
thousand of Nazi rule, so far from creating
of social service expenditure, health had
But Father Malachias's troubles have only
'more like a God upon earth than a human being', had an
fine.'
West and uncommitted nations - is the
as an actor, had his first important
considerable fidelity, the film tells the story
at the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan.
first of these reasons is the importance of pre-
The Lord Provost, having studied the report on 'The Morale and
consulted in May 1834.
Commons House upon a dissolution,
opening a few technical college extensions,
to the two major conferences of the movement and
as of now, apart from a few sacks of gold
heat, transport and medical treatment - all
And all the trouble you've taken with the
baker in the House in those early
are people buying and selling shares within
They'd got the lights on. There were people inside.
self-employed. By the time his monthly salary
the murder of Patrice Lumumba. Her
gral part of the story.
to deal in his next regular Budget with
provide an ambulance service for the absolutely
programmes in bright colours. In America colour TV is five years
This last point is certainly important because almost
part. The rest of the cast were well chosen,
While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall
you a spin round one of these days, if you
In VIENNA, before flying off to Moscow,
this in another way as shown in Fig. 4.
What infatuation! Personally I am
The Bow-wave Theory. This assumes
particularly as the troops are very fine.'
and we were all happy.
working out his ideas, either through the company's
comforts," said Dowd. He introduced the men
for a year. Mr. Evitt, however, was much less committed
succeeded if we had a little more faith in the
should remember the Great
Film Festival was suddenly jolted back to
cut in the moulds. Each chine is made of oak,
overalls preparatory to a last embrace. "You
craterlet on Face (ours is an agricultural
in the 1960s, no cure has been found for the
that they must do nothing to harm even remotely Dr
same as that of the Tory Government.
sum towards the cost of keeping American
last one I made, I used the two flaps from an old
meeting of Labour 0M Ps tomorrow. Mr. Michael
prepared for something unpleasant, for this was
Jersey family household the nursemaid
Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey
estranged from women but yet moved by a
Lobby of the House of Commons last
The small rocket craft, for destroying big
Herr Strauss and his fellows
to plank the sides. Start again at the bows,
A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester Square
Hugentobler Roger
(b) Turn under a small hem, with fold lying on line
obtained support a rationale for adapting
can be altered if required.
In doing so he described his distinguished patient and
to have been away for four days. Not in itself a crime, but, added to
great pleasure in telling that young man
temporary assumption of the government by
advertisement are worthy people, a little innocent
This, and the numbers of active
the Government, said Mr. Healey, to
what does such a person do? He signals
Medical evidence established that Mary
the area - West End Central, Bow-street,
years before had had the slightest effect.
defences. Throughout the years Lord Russell
that he was a great man for lace - paying
service, free to the patient at the point
Mr Gaitskell said that a member of an alliance could
men were out a fortnight, disciplined and solid,
believed himself to be on the point of death,
been much rain and damp, but the temperature
was waiting for his senior military
the attempt succeeded if we had a little more
At 9.40 Mr. Edusei, Minister of Transport and pro-
many people: they too will be glad
indication of the scope of Wicki's artistry. He
the 1960s, no cure has been found for the
For his sake we chose the more
applications, of whom 100 were considered suitable by
minutes later to stand just inside the
of Betti's writing without over-emphasizing
he himself was being treated under a
Friends from Limpsfield, in addition to the villagers, came up,
Marc Chagall used to live here and an Englishman named
While he was writing this letter he heard of the fall of the
at Chequers last week-end. They said they regarded
the most apathetic in the country's history.
Leaning back carries the concealed message. And we
but fear that the exasperation of
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
are made of steel, composition or bone. Steel
actually reported in the next issue) returned
should not now put forward nominees. He believes
contain a five-year plan for the three
Four of them were flattened on the window sills, two
scheming jewel thief in a play by Jacques
Laos, yesterday addressed all officers
London, millions at home would regard as fraudulent
one of that new class of merchant financiers
Now or Never," looks like having a success on his own with
established that no sexual assault had taken place.
Gaitskellites using the position
the 1960s, no cure has been found for the
tape went to the Philips company. Within two
who was the only other occupant of the house when
the peoples, to secure an early solution of the
a direct answer. George Brown
At Clapham Junction a ticket-collector
commercial TV contractors want to delay it for 10 years.
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most
of the village stalwarts of Hambledon who
Oversew crochet to the dc. A household word,
Gay nodded. "I know that you're right Doc, I think
ever, was not enough to prevent one
It is ribald, funny, brilliantly observant
has not one word of English.' While he was writing this letter he
# two sides consisting of eleven players
my tongue like spray.
and his supporters have been able to pursue their
believes that Britain could be more effective
placing heavy burdens on those least
meeting. But he told M Ps yesterday: "I
You are out of date. Cricket in 1961 is played
around him in complete, unredeemable desolation.
meticulous comprehension that could only have come from a man
difficulties from African politicians greedy for power.
sympathy - "you need someone to love you while
VERDICT: The "bunk" needed doubling.
inevitably, the place is full of American teenagers on an
variation on that sinister yarn in which half the cast
from East Lynne.
Catherine looked at the books lying
1960s, no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux. As
United States officials quickly point out
apartheid is a menace to the Commonwealth and a
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
an effective alleviation of his painful malady. None
the other arm. He would have told
considered to possess sanative and
medicinal qualities.
effective alleviation of his painful malady.
apartheid is being applied ever more
proved right. EARL RUSSELL and his friends have
talks with Dr. Adenauer, the West
we would be altogether clearer in our minds
the soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly
system a trial, adding that it was being
have a swim. Amazing bedlam rocked
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
having made his contribution to the neutrals' conference
defended the appointment of a Negro as
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet & that
Italy, and that he himself was being treated under a
longer accepted the good faith of Mr. Kenneth
citizen to quit his country. HOUNDING
invoke the Public Order Act, 1936, and
a great disturbance last autumn
his notice.
strain of the Korean war.
and +2.8 to -2.6 per cent in 1957. As with the price of energy index,
minority? THERE is no evidence that the
September, was delayed because of the
made public.
trade union movement following the
essential article in their festal preparations;
the London Film Festival. In spite of
in Phnom Penh indicate that he still regards
hand when you are lording it over
problem with Dr. Brentano, the West
people. THE Danes are annoyed with British
Passion Plays, an interval of ten years, another play would be
of children today owed much to the welfare
half-way through, the plot (as well as the boat) springs
Foot's line will be that as Labour M Ps
All the joints are simple halving joints glued and pinned,
Central African Federation, went to Chequers
with lavish and suitably gaudy colour.
only little ones.
They nodded at each other and Sir Edward
verbal variety and not the visual
While he was in Naples there had opened
to have come mainly from retired officers
at all. He was holding a paper booklet, the top sheet of which
blamed for being weak, it would be
amber inches in the bottle. Present are some
Monsieur H, for instance, had been clubbed and
We gathered together a splendid Sunday
of defence policy. Details of the scheme
by the Allies. "We do not," he said, "really
suit, cigarette ash down the front, an ashen face
in Nato. (A supply apparatus which would
Mr. Thorneycroft's main purpose will be to
sense of plot, matters much; but in the sense of
Flying Officer who had burst so unceremoniously into his
out fast.... What a gay, lively people, and what
of us obstinately go on using it.
command structure and central administrative
of psychology, education and social science; ....
To the British Travel Association, doing their excellent
open to revision. This is news, however
arrived from Vienna. A cheering, delighted crowd
surgical and pharmacological evidence points to a very
reminded the hostile Government benches that was
no happier than Adam was!
master at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking for
retorted and in that second, he became the man of
wicked, old -." Mr. Brown went on: "We
hardly believe that she was the same girl,
preserves the beauty of the design. It is easy
hesitation in saying that they would have
German mind. Not content with arguing that he was only an
tradition.
Herr Strauss told the Daily Mail last October
a few years ago that he made the headlines
at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking for advice. In doing so
the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky,
But losing a bus! People were always losing
rockets. Applauding on the river banks at
they had once obtained as a free gift in exchange
I wish I went to that school. Did you notice
opposed the Government Bill which brought
decisions.
found Anglesey a strong, energetic man with a
possess a heritage of lace. A lace
in our minds about her if she remained
not I, who started this conversation."
among our own people, finding out just how
poor monk for his miracle, and as a
position," he said, "is somewhat analogous to
point of death, the new German curative
soldier - a favourable change in my eye,
and has made it live. The shabby streets
cured.'
be a centre of trust, responsible for the maintenance
the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
conducting the Seder.
which increases the range of things that can be
agreed to postpone operation of the sub-
upstairs with it. 'And I've NOT been
utterly extraordinary," said Serena angrily,
"Now, to summarize what I think our
by Right-Wing Labour in this country. They have
is surely the one thing that it could not survive.
thought of a fire....
Willis Robertson, of Virginia - met today in
fast.... What a gay, lively people, and what a busy town. At
distinction that nothing else can give.
that the movement will go on record against
place himself in the literary hierarchy.
came up close, eyeing us suspiciously. "We've
difficulty in breeding fruit flies and, after
least. She would think of her-
ineffectuality with which he had endowed
an agreement on a zone of controlled
as a divine mission could have spoken of apartheid as "a
country who still oppose apartheid will be
woerd in his nightmare world. It is this that
gentle and charming character, even-tempered
and operations. This would apply also in the
an increasing number of disciples among
of the People will be so great at the return of
had studied under its founder, the aged
to take on this vast industry," Mr.
told Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better than
God knows what may happen....
Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties
infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I really tremble
and shaping your little craft, upside-down. For cheapness
the talks fall through. There are bound
Government to get them to pay a regular
And so leave South Africa to make the grade,
the Whigs, and the temporary
ever since the symptoms had first shown themselves
he wrote, 'is arrived, which is a great
I have an Italian who is perhaps the best
at any rate, are light brown in colour.
that point. "If you do," he said, "you'll be
had gone, "we can get three thousand three fifty,
studying them today. The conference will meet
nuclear tests; the canard about British
room, which proved the elasticity of medical commitments.
Watkinson is right.
continuously." Gave him a look, the driver did.
at the same time defend Britain. This
long run. They may be inaccurate,
in Northern Rhodesia, but the Colonial Secretary,
harrying English shipping as far away as Cherbourg,
too long.
He cited cases in which hundreds of UNIP supporters
unsmiling Mr. Powell. He demanded that instead
ding African leaders, feel that nothing less than the
for a statement. President Kennedy flew from London
But not one of his nimble-fingered best. GERMANY'S Russ
men is natural. But this could hardly be
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later as
crochet stitches.
has done more than most to stir up
At the centre of each circle stood personnel
of negotiations with the Six. At the same
farce is it when it comes to television.
compartment; but he seemed to have
American pianist Floyd Cramer, who played for Elvis on "It's
This sort of situation calls for some subtle,
to this fishery, which unfortunately seems
to their customers - who incidentally
nuclear weapons and the H-bomb, placing
yesterday. Forty other Africans greeted him,
the outer surfaces being vertical as
which nobody tackles with any enthusiasm,
became greatly alarmed, and after the body had been
uninitiated (including four plugs for Charles
good-neighbour gesture, Germany takes a really big
Having trimmed up the chines, we are now ready
an old man. Here it is a young homosexual,
of "The Grits" if a federal election had been
the Central Bank's weekly return... ...which shows that more
of our friends at the ceremony.'
and sensation-hunger of that
years ago. In the larger sizes there is still
is going out fast.... What a gay, lively
led to the top.
sordid, and when she experiences it for
the first of these is due in 1963. Meanwhile, each
are parallel horizontally. Next bevel the chines
most men have some of the tools already. It will enable
start the Seder showing the Matzos, that they rep-
material that might be available as otherwise the
off yesterday.'
of Souter's text and the 15,416 of Nestle's.
forces and arms to touch off a world war.
much as his health permitted him to enjoy any-
become you to behave like a - a tart, Di."
the President back from his travels it might have been
tool cupboard shown here has been specially
That blonde was something." "Anybody
apartheid as evil and indefensible.
Certainly, the rise is very small. But it is a step
not easily irritated, patient and persevering,
It washes beautifully, never loses its colour
at the apex. In examination he betrayed an expert and
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that
de Chambre that ever was. But he has not
"Ireland will put a shillelagh into orbit, Israel
week. And that brought the figure
On the other hand, Mr. Pearson excels
SOME 17 years ago, in the early summer of 1934,
It was quite amusing to see how much
The Hall proved most useful, especially in winter
the sides to the transom framing and the chine.
makes her few brief scenes effective, and
in touch in London. Three of them - Canada, Australia,
attitude of studied calm brought down the
as the participants.
House of Commons this afternoon. Labour M.P.s already
for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot but
ficult, but she said, 'Philip reads them,
Addressing the annual congress of the National Union
is a smart but modest bar called Pierre's Bar. For one
taken a town in the industrial North of
health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent.
Draw loop through. 3. Do not remove hook
to discuss the function of a proposed House
improve it, but it has got a
chocolate.
of 1962.
arrived, the Inland Revenue had already taken
cuff-links found in the compartment seemed
ration. Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end
the proposed changes the net cost of the
Lollobrigida. In the holiday seasonal months before and
appears to despair of ever being cured.'
the winter. In late November, he was 'suffering as
an honours degree course. Farming is Britain's
technical error in allowing Irene to speak
were available.
at the moment "an awful mess up" in
to pass the time of day"; Supporters had
against the transom. Start at the bow and
the use of nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy
for the week-end. Ford Motors are to put 13,000
Colonial Secretary, Mr. Iain Macleod,
kept them good in the week, but anyway
will be so great at the return of Ultratoryism,
British people about Polaris submarine
walking in the streets, smug, content, satisfied,
politicians were inflated into international figures.
one to fit the block.
the editor, always comically abashed by
short and modest in scope, and it is doubtful whether the other Private
While he was in Naples there had opened a new chapter
unambiguously "contemporary" work to be
since the scheme started, 125 (37.2 per cent) have
He climbed the stairs, eager to unload the
The other TUC demands: Five leading
France and Italy, and that he himself was being
of reality into an icy supernatural vacuum
became very unpopular.
listed by the Government. Immediately
to the missile.
Adenauer, the West German Chancellor.
today, however, that the Brussels Treaty
"After long and earnest consideration, Her
before the father-in-law telephoned the police.
to let nothing get between her and
But why woodwork in particular? Well, there
(Treasury), and Mr. G. H. Andrew (Board of Trade).
had the slightest effect.
amount of crochet was produced in the
members. THE two rival African Nationalist
the empties; through the door hearts are
He believed he would perform "outstanding
about it.' And Philip said: 'But we've got
about it, of enormous cinematic enjoyment, and
parties had refused to attend the talks
perfect timing and technique. It gives one loud,
a muffled bell taps the sky. Here we
a little sadly, "if I did change Gavin, he wouldn't
beech and the thin pine fingers
decision remained with the British Government.
job is to make your moulds. In Fig. 1 it quotes 3/4 in. five-ply,
serious of the two films that were
The General Council of the Trades Union
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that
selfish, arrogant, brash, ambitious, unscrupulous heel -
100,000,000 more than the corresponding
America's dollar reserves. Dr. Adenauer's
Serena discovered, and more, but in stages. For the
crowning indignity the night club is
afraid of negotiation." Mr. Godber,
meeting in Paris between M. Couve de Murville, French
160 speeches in 80 constituencies in 10 days, the Liberal
disciples among unorthodox medical men in the
was a morality on the not unfamiliar theme of
evidence of Conservative and Labour
Sentence Database  C02-059
(a) Button Stitch round the outline of basting stitches,
working.
in the principle of an all-Regular army.
the best Valet de Chambre that
stamp which could be stuck in
by plain-clothes men. Committee-member Mr. George
quickly point out that this is money due
Welensky, Prime Minister of the Central
saying the Federal Bureau of Investigation had
of View' and one on 'Making the Most of Health'. Separate
National Assistance grants.
as before. It is unnecessary to mark the taper with
on getting your gold to the bank, then we'll
Mr. Dinsdale Landen, in the longest and most
tent of utter innocence. The complexity of
at his most nauseating) turns the palazzo into a luxury
efficiency and, in the case of Mr. Richards,
will not keep us abreast of the
that the Commons House upon a dissolution,
On the specific question of the use of Blue
start if they had taken more pains to
factory building this year is likely to be 40 per cent
and Gay's heart turned over. "I'd like
good thing (although the one original
to the welfare food scheme. It was maintained
What would THEY have thought of
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play
largely based on this. It was on a
Boun Oum was considering asking
I'm relieved. But it still doesn't do away
said? A moment's reflection reassured her
that there was no sound of breathing.
leisurely fashion his few possessions into a ramshackle and
the bottom shaped transom facing.
are "likely to persevere in such unlawful
even when its demonstrated to them.'
canals - even the worn head-stones in the
the government by the Duke of Wellington.
"Yes, well...." He judged that she had been sufficiently
today, including Lord Russell, Lady Russell,
while in Germany itself the course of
with many an obliging guffaw to the
much to recall.
upon earth than a human being', had an
and others not so good. A wide range of
subject of no little importance to the Romans.
Duke of Wellington.
treaty with Germany causes no real danger. West Germany,
informing them that he was on the point
net while they are bullying the minnows. I have just
and the talks fall through. There are bound
grey eyes. His finger-nails were dirty, though he
three weeks of the present trouble 287 incidents
expectant mother, who acts as a protector
warheads to these weapons. General
hit on an original way of spending this afternoon.
thankless task. But they do not make
resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he
slots cut in the moulds and into the notches
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that I have an Italian
millstone weighing down and almost paralysing their
grounds, the public monuments and the
strong maternal instinct to the unborn child
Its terms have set the Prime Minister an exacting
is at Mass. Most of it. In the front room of
Fanny her first lover is a sailor who leaves
Czechoslovakia, Poland, Holland, Belgium and France
the glaring beacon of a lighthouse.
Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator
countries can arrange for observers to advise the British
logists, many of whom would like to
We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality
Ifor was. For there was his garage hand,
May I suggest that you have proved that
fear that the exasperation of the People will be so
screwing and gluing this piece to the chines it is
Many amateur gardeners might improve their
'Yes, why are you crying, he had to be
already suggested, not to be silly or
"That cannot continue without either development
and again and again it is the visual qualities
Catherine's left hand she carried the
IN 1913 Dr. Burge, Bishop of Southwark, asked me to go as
infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I really tremble
at Accra this morning, hundreds of shop assistants
to be on the point of death, the new
Market, even if it meant an unconditional surrender.
receiving regular National Assistance
should not be bound over for disturbing
first time herself it is incoherently, clumsily,
But there is heart in the telling, and an
up on two boxes or trestles of convenient height for
Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting
that he found Anglesey a strong, energetic man
conduct." Lord Russell, 89, was
It was the end of a rather curious
farmers for fighting against Danish competition.
to grow plants. In their proper setting they
chairman and Mr. Andrew Atkinson as secretary. The
is hanging open. You'll have someone shoving their hot
gazed at recently; and I have no
and this is the time to check before making fast
patient and his symptoms. He told Hahnemann
exacting role, that of the sergeant, gives a perfor-
South Africa should be allowed to stay in the
ask questions and uses the books to
In unions where the central issues
settlers' parties - the United Federal Party
in the Labour movement, or of only providing
the bus, the 2.20 from Dinas to Llangrwl,
of his tasks will be to see there is no
dramatically in the Commons yesterday. Mr
of English.' While he was writing this letter he
There they were, in fact, below us, eight of them.
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two
to the old sleeping port. This, and
witness described one sprayed area as literally rank with
The contests were for 86 seats as 70
people.
expenses, with the people to whom Moke had
Mr. Hudson is an American millionaire who spends each
And he has abandoned plans to visit President de
symptoms had first shown themselves seventeen
manoeuvring, and what we should call
chias" is due as much to Wicki the photo-
Diana Wills often sat on the brand
prosperity tomorrow. BERTRAND RUSSELL,
ment to unite the movement as the Labour
SONGS-OF-BRITAIN medley is sung by David
kissing her again. "I rather like to have
The libretto, by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman,
Thomas, M.P. for Leicester N.E., a former
While he was in Naples there had opened a
sure asking for trouble. They'll be on your
Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his health
a week. Playwrights Arnold Wesker (The Kitchen)
even the worn head-stones in the churchyard,
Among other incidents he was banned from New
young man was so wholehearted about this
to get a stipendiary layman who could help
so unexpected, so unusual, that only the
I was very glad to help in this way, and visited them
of lovely-ugly to be coldly elegant in. All this
told this "by some # people
to the Lord Provost of Glasgow, Dr. Andrew
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in the
lavish and suitably gaudy colour.
work on Sundays," he said. "They're worse off than
if we don't it'll just go on and on, don't
declared that the policy under censure
favourable change in my eye, particularly as the troops
chief aide, Mr. Julius Greenfield, telephoned
usually need less water than those in clay
details of plans for improving the hospital
tremble for my country! I may be mistaken, 1tho'
on to a fully active footing. That
Soviet Union might retaliate against
prefer unskilled jobs. Countless numbers who want training
poor Serena was an infant-in-arms as
and decisive ones; but without it, we could not
to a record 2,415,000,000. This was
be party to accepting as a matter of
that anti-apartheid agitation was
praying mantis satisfies its voracity by
lupins and numerous others.
This may be bought at any good timber merchants.
over West Germany's cash offer to help
tried to recall if they were still legal tender. Surely the
speech in which Mr. Macmillan wound up
that they had still been together at
which should lead to progress toward a Laos agreement at the
He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as much as his
Nick Dowd took our horses off to water.
A pleasant life truly!... It so happens that I have
be published in March, is likely to
there is no Shamir in Gehenna (Hell). An eagle
Soil blocks are probably the oldest alternative to clay
which other tools can be added as the need arises. The
the light pressure is inevitably mixed
"Werewolves".
both economic and political, and revealed once again the
that the well-meaning corporation
it, but it has got a quantity surveyor. We
psychologist first looks into ...
sunshine, still burning like a half-cooled iron,
There may be some who will argue that
This was too reminiscent of the nursemaid
his symptoms. He told Hahnemann that he found
independent television, Then We Fall, by
who had red eyes. Grasping Catherine
is a great resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired;
as possible. Anyway the Parsifal affair was far
Russian Embassy.
spending on armaments, and our
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered master at Ko"then,
special precautions to guard the lives of our airmen. Particular
Gaulle this month to smooth the way. General
been married. It was not regarded as practicable within
Cecil stepped towards the dining room. 'I'm
damp, but the temperature is high & I have not yet
to deal with the mass sit-down rally planned
Providing this is sound, some perfectly good
stopping on the way, to point out, with childish pride,
settled at this conference. It may be agreed to
His basic defence of the Health Service cuts was that
state visit 40 minutes after Mr. Khrushchov had
mass of Radicalism, & then God knows what may happen....
control. Nato, far from being a means of controlling
Each time you rehearse you will probably put
time by more than 15,000,000 # last
If I'd known what it would be like I'd sooner
called Roper Smith. "We've got five rifles among
no truth in suggestions that Mr. Watkinson
When he learned what was causing the commotion he
fication of the sense of smelling was a
actions of the Nationalists. On the contrary,
must be had, will be a mass of Radicalism, & then
a delicacy while Mediterranean peoples have a
includes the bare minimum kit).
boys as well. Whole families made their
disaster.
us to adventure, do not strangle us before
safer stacking, though they are still
by my party's proposal to prostitute the
the editor, always comically abashed by the
to say that its 400 troops in the Congo
can be done, though for advanced
but an express took him off yesterday.'
Anglesey to give the system a trial, adding that it was
geometry.
feather-weight contest between Chris Elliot and
Then he tried it out for sound. Um-chink...
Pearl back to England, and returned
the West German Foreign Minister, who is
Bavaria, asked me if I would do something for two wards
accumulation of money.
may well be a landmark in the revitali-
appalled at the character of the current
service to the Exchequer will have increased
waved his hand at Mr. Fell.
prefer spruce when available. As will be seen
promiscuous mother. In such surroundings she
imported predatory insects and insect pathogens
we'd finished and I'd rolled a cigarette
By the end of the month he still delighted in
trigger-finger and the ritual slaughter of beasts
old Parliamentary friends and foes alike,
his health permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The
of disciples among unorthodox medical men in the cities of
girl lives in a single dingy room with
Fell appeared to be in tears as he sat
up, then, Mrs. - er - Buttery?" "Not yet,
common purposes. "Occasion was given to review the need for
alarm or prejudicial to public safety."
future. Said Mr. Nkumbula last night:
Brown declared that the policy under
mischief perpetrated by almost every person
through the gormless standing corn around them. Perhaps
of recruiting figures as encouraging.
basis but rather of energetic and concerned individuals,
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
egg-case on June 6. Both the Chinese
lucky to have descended from such economic altitudes.
I understand, but an express took him
hand-picked team under the leadership of
appearance of the Progressive party from
insertion on a petticoat or blouse, a tatted edge
Hammarskjold and the UN's servants. The
people, and what a busy town. At Rome, every
proposal to drop radio-active material into
there would be no hesitation in mobilising
what his name is. Don't tell me. I want to
as best actress for her work in the Godard
carried on.
a folklore of song, festival and courtship grew
many a good trade unionist since then has, in the
be flummoxed! Of course, in any speech a good
religious instruction through the Diocese, and I
will be 11 German divisions in Nato
is prepared to pay, and the type of
in the Parliamentary recess whether to
Hollywood treatment, thanks to a sound performance in
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always insen-
process could, and often did take several years.
pulated his characters.
for his lady, for he records testily: 'My wife
clear. At nazi Germany's request, Britain was
cally abashed by the events, and Mr.
to tell. Today's Ghanaian Times (motto: "The welfare
works payments, the sums paid under these heads have the
co-operation, which is the only way to solve the
declare the whole rally illegal - whether
angelo Antonioni's "La Notte." The num-
'HELLO, CECIL. HAD a busy day?' His mother came into
Then their views will be transmitted back.
slatternly, promiscuous mother. In such
the feeding tray.
gossip" that Weaver once had Communist affilia-
militarists are advancing their rearmament.
Fix on the gunwales and insert the thwarts (seats)
expensive and still get broken. On the
last week, you know that.'
in our minds about her if she remained
texture, are sold at a very high price. With a
apologising for the trouble, but explaining
believe in a beautiful ghost. It would have been
policy of good neighbourliness." We may be sure that
qualify for relief.'
and intellect. A remarkable peculiarity in
machines. They never are cheap in the
exercise editorial discretion. The MRA
From then till now the acquaintance ripened into a very
table night club near his church be re-
Let Mr. Newton beware. By protesting against Scotland he
and of British agriculture." Near the end of a
someone to love".
almost unchanged in 1959 for couples with two or more
'but he appears to despair of ever being cured.'
blown up. He has now revealed his full plans
'graduate' is encouraged to seek help and advice in
heard. However, Miss Pinkie Johnstone
roped in. The only result was
them. One hopes that he is not asking
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's play A
in-law, the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had
I rivet my gunwales together through the side of the hull
the strength of Germany's trading position has attracted
on new techniques - and on the universities to
I don't accept his good faith." He said
justified in diverting naval ships in case
years a most able and devoted housekeeper whom I had known
Board. The board is laying a cable along a seven-
with ball, bats and wickets between
In the first place it is not a great deal
inter-African consultative assembly which would
on.
Supplies of meat and dairy produce were
hopeful.
herbs and flowers proved of sovereign
Canada to the problems of the Atlantic
in his post. Senator Robertson's committee
but it says what is necessary - that
Mauro's first action was to write to his revered
under its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel
tablecloths, traycloths and runners, and edgings
stands on various problems facing those nations. Two
to sell as much as they like, while buying
ceremonial duty, and the soldiers have every
correct numbers to use with Mercer-Crochet:
be plunged into chaos, like the Congo. For Mr.
So all ends as you know it will, with the
system of recording temperatures.
the superintendent who filled in the regi-
charming character, even-tempered and
at Jesus. We do not, I think, see there a life without fear.
If we joined the Common Market, our
A piece of hardboard is then cut and pinned
had been standing near them.
closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment.
We also had a little Mission Hall leading off
If the Government now reverses its plan to give the
a near-disastrous leak. Familiar members of Britain's
industry." The health of children today owed much
"I consider myself," he says, "a cut
The Bishop, knowing that I spent my holidays in
was not.
only lead to war. To stand firm, he
which we disagree. When an advertisement
broken pots have on occasions provided
dahlias, chrysanthemums, salvias, sweet peas,
firmation). She also has quite a
edging for collar, cuffs or a handkerchief.
Such a policy would unite the whole movement
"He's saving up to get married. Remember?"
behaviour and a vision of mischief-
idioms, with a strong sense of words and situation.
obscure on Berlin, damaging and obscure
the temporary assumption of the government by the
By delicate application of odours and richly-
In doing so he described his distinguished patient
hard-core Friends of Brendan. They listen
needs an imaginative architect to
standards. Instead, we saw the
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet
now, it could kick up a sea-sized commotion
and suitably gaudy colour.
Dr Giuseppe Mauro, whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834.
For short ones a smoothing plane can be used.
too carefree, and becoming airborne?
first time herself it is incoherently,
and do some writing there.
forward nominees. He believes that the
Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to
imprisoned in England. His son, in revenge, was
against me, as there has been much rain and damp,
for retirement, their wages paid for the time thus spent. An
# winter. In late November, he was 'suffering as
of the Whigs, and the temporary assumption of
heard of often in the newspapers -
means a masterpiece, it is in many respects
have us run risks greater than the West
that "those who organise these things" were
was true, Pierre was a true Provenc*?6al, thin and
"The whole naval might of the Soviet
who was to become a very intimate friend, and I was
the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to
Russia. Now he wants Britain to demolish her
held last autumn, 38 per cent for the
only in the morning. And the Talmud tells a
Prime Ministers will decide against this final
Souvanna Phouma, the former Prime Min-
four or more children, compared with +3.6 to -5.4 per cent in 1958
effective, and Mr. Dinsdale Landen, in
have some sort of proof, you know, it's very
England and has made it live. The shabby
first thing she did was to make an offer
roasted on the point of a spear are definitely
and woman is conscious of no difficulty.
compressed a long and sometimes rambling
Hughes in his "Make Mine Music" (B B C, 9.30 p.m.).
The weekend conference for the men and their wives,
Ghana coinciding with the meeting of the Com-
in my Kilner jars, I poured living mantis
now supplanted Britain as Denmark's
them.
had had the slightest effect.
the Lord swear unto your father to give them,
These strictures were all too well justified.
diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey
resources, and captured the young Mercer in a
A Scottish knight - Sir John Mercer - was
slightest effect.
footrope of a trawl does this. Films
Since 1958, 13 Labour life Peers and
Now, I saw some flats in Hendon for four thou,
VINEYARDS (1 Kings 4.25; S. of Sol. 8.11).
said "Nonsense." As usual, the optimists have been
I have a hunch that he will feel more at home in the
than his Vicar, and he was accepted at once and
committees.
THE Palace cinema at Buckley, near Chester, will be
which again left his household goods
meandering by the L'Avventura man,
this behaviour. This is no more queer than the method
for herself; we would be altogether clearer
under a doctor who had studied under its founder, the aged Dr.
was found at Waterloo. Neither the sisters nor Mr Berry thought it
walking arm in arm."
Belgium has become an international
If the threatened "counter-revolution" was not * to bring
couple struggling in a first-class
negotiating team.
Mart had been right, the body had been
themselves less disliked by their attitude
Something had cropped up which required Nigel's attention,
the director, Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed
intense realism in the situation. A young
the film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which
went on to describe the landing of the Thetan colony
doorway looking more composed. In the
in the 1960s, no cure has been found for
service" in his post. Senator Robertson's
ments by the Prime Minister there is an
the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise
for three years. "I have only 2 1/2 years to go before I retire,
"That's how I got into all this trouble."
attitude. Now if there'd been a good old accident,
clock. Then, also, the B.B.C. were
Wicki's "Das Wunder des Malachias" ("The
threat to those who toil and spin has been
Naples. He told Cloncurry that he enjoyed it as
each.
and that Labour should not take any steps
'You're very irritable, anyway.' 'I'm NOT tired
concentrated on possible need for important
look for them. Federal Germany votes tomorrow
being limited or an adjustment being made
secretary John Byrne of his powers must
to the official document on to opposition
a walk over the fields while we attended
In the train going back to London I sat
its founder, the aged Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
way in which Mr. Ferris manipulated
Yesterday West German Defence Minister,
that this # meeting will lead on to further
Time passed. The bus climbed, and went quietly
by 4 in. attached to the front legs with a pair
So - see the next page! Yes, they are waiting for you.
through.
of a 210million debt to America. United
does the balance of nature by killing both pests
Britain for being an obstacle for West Germany's
be the same, if you know what I mean." "You sound
The plain, sober manner of its
postponed demanding the tax until her financial year
Informal talks at Lancaster House will
Present-day pots are better finished, do
it was a pity at all; as, indeed, they didn't.
events, and Mr. Aubrey Richards, the father-in-law,
bases all over Western Europe.
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get
insensitively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen
be expected and are being planned."
in Government and State housing
good beginning.'" Mr. Krushchov remained at the
course of action should be. First, to avoid the
to the Treasury, said yesterday that the
when there is nothing better they can do."
ceived throughout in terms of the cinema, and
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to
and his family, the youngest of whose three
at Lancaster House despite the crisis
tober, 1959, the first experimental day-release course for
for the commodities constituting the average household
tribute to the development of the
interested only in dead subjects. Now Cambridge has
He told Hahnemann that he found Anglesey a strong,
suitably gaudy colour.
2ain't 2eddicated in shootin'. It'd be a
small back yard, newly dec., near shops and tube
They accept American nuclear bases, and also
in meeting people informally, but many
this is not primarily an effort on Britain's part to
the seat to allow for the growth of baby's legs.
'more like a God upon earth than a human being',
the Duke of Wellington.
It is true that SIR GRAHAM said there is
vilised and expensive, the two children
The possibility that the Government might
Maybe so Bill, he can swim that good, too."
play A Taste of Honey opens at the
can give striking individuality to many things
dazzling dumbness called Troy
as a serf.
him to enjoy anything. 'The Pearl', he wrote, 'is arrived, which is
and refuse proposals with which they did not
in the chancery, or the corridors of the United
forlorn gift of companionship and sympathy -
advertisement falls into neither category, though
control are everywhere apparent.
the only noteworthy change was for households with three children,
two-thirds of this sum providing the clergy supplied
scientific revolution. Out of the 550,000
reading. Lawrence died in this very place.
November, he was 'suffering as usual', but hoped, he told
he had seen what was accepted as the
In Fanny the pregnant girl is befriended by
your ring back." She loosened the half-hoop of
policy which brought disaster in 1939.
on the Fenton bunch but still it was a
"Now I wonder which I wore at that
corrected by the sliding scale of the second poll-tax,
night."
for the sick and needy than Labour had
determined. "It was a bus, sir.
and the call for party unity - in effect,
and doing it to some purpose. John Philpot,
Moscow after his two days of talks with President
with the possibility of faulty design." He held
was reported earlier in Laos that Prince
by the well-known architect Mr. George Fellowes Prynne,
writing this letter he heard of the fall of the Whigs, and
the party was over. Piers came strolling out to
Bundy, the President's special assistant for
psychologist I am constantly
meet the growing concentration of
Company's Regulations." "Of course not," agreed
Commissioner Sir Joseph Simpson to
there have been secret negotiations on
rest near tip of hook.
effective, giving full value to the formal elements
pastime. Why? Because those who
their tactics by switching most of their emphasis on
cause and then deal with it; show it
which is cut in one piece. It should overlap just a
that particular problem isn't looming at
incredibly ancient car, surrounded by innumerable friends and relatives.
#
adequate provision of facilities for
was wondering whether Olimpia had been
get rid of old man, solid Rock. "How
soldier - a favourable change in my eye,
Weaver of New York. One of his tasks will
recreations of Heliogabalus was to
and we invite anybody who wishes to partake in our
"in the time of crisis it would probably be
studying these cross-roads. Which
the Holy Loch, or any other part of Britain.
forms. There are other texts which could
which the city of London was now producing, fitted,
rather indignant, but we took the
Catherine in the dark until she had stopped
1tho' I cannot but fear that the exasperation
is now on view in a Berlin gallery is most im-
if Western Governments had not been convinced
master at Ko"then, near Leipzig, asking for
experiment from which the organisers hoped to learn as much
centigrade would have got off to a better
always comically grotesque; they were not asked
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
healing the sick, my considered
esteemed a delicacy. The visitor is told
who is tough enough to change him."
couples and couples with one child.
to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several
white stock.
damsel in distress.
district.
Police, and Chief Inspector Marshall, of Scotland
put down a resolution on the subject
pattern of British Government connivance became
diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise Anglesey to give the
to the next red-eyed emerger from the
to create the atmosphere of a city.
desperadoes like Pell and Fenton and the
eyes!' she thought, bitterly. Doria was continually
In any case, fahrenheit need not lose heart.
sparked off the opposition by telling a
stopped, as in fine weather we always
& that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet
for a completely new job in less time
who would tread on anybody's neck to get a break in
The film version of Miss Shelagh Delaney's
to the memory of" - are seen as an
argument against them.
red with blood.
by September 20. For nearly a year
needed at the top before the tapering is
thought to combine together to form compound
She met his eyes then.
cent made sacrifices for their fellow men;
Landen, in the longest and most exacting role,
seventeen and forty-five will, unless the
Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's
Cecil wriggled irritably under the misplaced management
That's enough of all that hooey." HE plunges
the Paradise, the only place where the Shamir
for herself; we would be altogether clearer
a train for the short run to Victoria.
irritable. You thought that I'd think
place agree with me better than Naples. The journey
SIR GRAHAM SUTTON, however, made no bones
Less than no response from the Russian side led
that was done in 1950 because of the financial
Nations for "negligence and impotence," and
above Nancy Mitford artistically, a
legs, and in reproduction period pieces they
Canadians put up a mouse."
passed me at fifty thousand feet, sir. It was
rest, one feels, were driven to effective action by
the scheme. Profits of genuine investors
# otherwise endearing creature whose
made by shaping and soldering two pieces of stout
to play an important part in my life. For five years in succession till
retrieving lost property.
by co-operation.
recognised their rights and recommended a form of
Such is the life of a naval officer's wife.
egg-case of the Chinese mantis. The
career that Anna Neagle and Herbert Wilcox were not
did you come from?" the judge said in
ballyhoo about Commonwealth Training
mobilise reserves necessary to bring the
method known as homoeopathy had been
disband in ten days. These the ETU
elements of Betti's writing without over-
Unless they do at least that, Dr. Verwoerd will
young people aged 15-17 starting
strong reaction from Sir Roy Welensky to any
troubles, had written to the local
To complete the job, screw two fittings to the
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in the
Germany to start the First World War.
Rhodesia, but the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Iain
to go, was left almost alone in the
started several decades before had caught on
At last Brendan - to the journalist's
wore, and kept on indoors, a fifty gallon hat. Harry was
fiddling about with bills of cost.
clumsily, but half shyly and half in-
around him in complete, unredeemable desolation.
the Senator who had annoyed the United States
compartment when the train left, but this did not help much, since it
is largely a satire on the petty court
stretched out a hand. 'Watch your step there, sir! Your briefcase
to do that." Gavin drained his glass
months. And what has it made of the Congo?
propaganda in order to increase the volume of
words. "But remember, it was you,
story, which is also in the Hagadah that
the fully adult, 2 1/2-in.-long insect,
fastest? That is the exciting competition going on
that ever was. But he has not one word of English.'
"That's sure bad news," said Dowd, sombrely.
persevering, 'but he appears to despair of ever
situation and especially in view of fresh problems facing
to suppose that the original book had been
can be counted on the fingers of one
Richardson, who is also part-author with
Banks have paid in a first
with our mental state as with our physical exhaustion. A
would unhesitatingly use a machine if it
bitterest opponents on defence joined in.
are used in field trial tests.
much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything.
the ghosts of dead monarchs and brilliant
these civil engineers creeping about
and policemen and ambulances, and the
safe bet that at the end of five years Makarios and
Diefenbaker was still ahead in terms of
the film with extreme coolness, much preferring
(Talmud Sanh. 99A).
flawed but beautiful enigma, seen but not
I have an Italian who is perhaps the best
larders been so well stocked.
exquisite lace-making of the past.
resource. Vesuvius seems to be tired; he is going
history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an effective alleviation of
health permitted him to enjoy anything. 'The Pearl', he
offer of 357 million. President Kennedy's
common supply; it lends itself to making
Foreign Minister, who is due in Washington
illusion in the Conservative Party that their
And he indicated that his Government
celery and onions, may all be raised in soil
himself as the only legal Prime Minister of
whom Anglesey consulted in May 1834.
The recovery of his balance was due to the
who has been spectacularly wrong on the great
Europe through the Common Market. He continued this week
attractive. The story (not that the story, in the
He decided that it would be a great error
to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau
was a priest: here the priest is 1superceded by
to have something different. Sing slightly flat.
are many reasons. Wood is in good and
Poppets" (Columbia).
original stand. Only where the issues were
What infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I really
and lead the others. As for basses and altos the conductor had to
lapping long thread over short thread.
intervals, and the result is often less delineation
moulds, which will only be used whilst
Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better than Naples.
will last a long time with normal care.
in those years more than busy. We now had a vicarage next
with anger against her she had no doubt.
Not only can the raw human mind be
Commonwealth Governments every facility possible to
later as 'more like a God upon earth than
the demonstrators sit down or not - was
There are several instances where he seemed unable to go
economic and political kind. Mr. Macmillan,
For although looking inwards (or "introspecting"
the diplomatist Lord Ponsonby, had written to advise
soldier - a favourable change in my eye, particularly as
isn't as bad as an operation, Nigel!"
from various levels in the firm. In due course
Mr. William Lucas (Morris) is always insensi-
an Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre
their bright friendly heads turned
Before he could open his mouth, the collector
beside # Catherine. She had the stories open
his characters.
slackness in the Eisenhower Administration
Mr. Macmillan said we could be more help
the alternatives had been put clearly to the
may happen....
1952), the praying mantis is trecking
except that they extended to all women who were or had
later on joint executor of his estate with his
Directions are given for a small practice
foods would still be free in families receiving
things, a widow who knew how to look after the 'boy,'
The journey has been against me, as there
and the polished brass fourteen-pounder shell-case
House of Chiefs.
They intend to sit outside the Ministry of Defence. It is
provide men of knowledge and skill.
the campaign has dismayed a good
"Of course you must count about two hundred
child as much as to the expectant mother,
exactly the Ritz Hotel but we've got our little
South Africa's exclusion from the
services was wholly different - fundamentally
simply on adequate support by the nations
fits up against the front legs of the
Anglesey believed himself to be on the
tell: The U.S. - It is false to say the absence of a peace
week last year and 37,000,000 up on
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl
said he had been stopped by
A submariner's wife needed to be spared as much
ON a March evening in 1932 in the New
as a means to curb rising prices at home. She is
you could see they were hard hit. They were
tree-heavy square you can sit in the autumn
show the world that this country does not
accurate. The straight-edge can be used
much as his health permitted him to enjoy anything.
as homoeopathy had been brought to his notice.
other man was a priest: here the priest is 1superceded by
Commonwealth was an occasion worthy of his presence.
with a gentle and charming character, even-tempered and
the grosser pleasures of the board. The grati-
about it yesterday. The purpose is to give
Only Mr. Lucas's actions, therefore, arose
"I drew a certain solace from the fact that I did what I
begins: "There was a party to celebrate Deirdre's
don't keep hinting, then. You wish you could
there is only a single gunwale on the outside.
the-Bomb crusade, has devoted following.
comment, but Beryl said nothing. She was trying
That was the first point that Mr. Hammarskjold
with Dan Maffrey's aim to avenge himself
the treads. 'And don't wipe the dirt off on the
According to Pliny, and others, certain
fared badly. They are now faced with four other by-
isn't," he ended sadly. "I tried to read the
to discuss a common course of action.
which text is used.
need them as slaves to # our Kultur; otherwise
lected the long correspondence he
economic co-operation and expansion in the general interests
People will be so great at the return of
life peers into existence, they should not
allow for the wife's earnings.
tough over West Germany's cash offer to
the effect on one former supporter that he now thinks this Prime
to read on the train. Catherine is 13.
crafts, hobbies and leisure-time interests
Britain alone.
killer to book in modern times.
bears are awarded in every direction. Both the
of the brain. It is said that there is
will show up after painting. The dimensions given enable the
about this house? - and Jill's school? - and oh!
worthwhile targets for the Opposition. What a pity
1thy life means even at night-time."
find dedicated leaders at cut-rate prices. But it is
1960s, no cure has been found for the 6tic douloureux.
subjects, the Congo and Algeria, are the main topics
ness. I may well have felt that I was
"That your days may be multiplied and the
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
necessary for the extended training modern
tively pushing, Miss Sheila Allen his wife,
veteran United Party politician, Mr. Harry
has been against me, as there has been much rain and
Sandra Dee (to whom, I believe, he is married
taking a good finish.
the water or along the ground.
is that soil blocks can only be used for
had an increasing number of disciples among
by the author in spite of the ineffectuality
the exasperation of the People will be
an impossible piece of television but for clever
to claim relief on the most unlikely purchases, but also
disciples among unorthodox medical men in the
the Community." At this point, Mr. Paul
partly true. Many people wake up tired of a morning and no
political leaders. Through the patient efforts
those seventy years of age or older.
Mauro's first action was to write to his
in carriage costs because of their lightness.
great at the return of Ultratoryism, that the Commons
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble! What
different - fundamentally different from that of Labour. They
Verwoerd and the Nationalists. They point out
Rabbi Eleasar ben Assarja said, "I am
that Mr. Fell had probably "maximised his
herself it is incoherently, clumsily, but half
instruments?
Anglesey believed himself to be on the point
explicably from appreciable motives. The
every other man was a priest: here the
on the occasion of the conference in Casablanca and,
"sacred to the memory of" - are seen as an
again it is the visual qualities of the story, and
other man was a priest: here the priest is
a means not to destruction but to safety.
shows the framework for the back which
wife, always palely appealing, Mr. James Maxwell,
ETU. In reply to the call for his resignation he said: "Our rules
Disarmament, addressed to Mr.
method known as homoeopathy had
child's picnic."
went into unskilled work. The per-
in Los Angeles. They have developed a new
to Chequers at the week-end for talks with
new Antonioni film.
in Moderato Cantabile (curiously trans-
miserable enough my having to take my
setting.
particularly as the troops are very fine.'
on into reminiscences of his trips. There is
support." There were no other attacks
followed up by new efforts for peace, the
were very welcome and the ladies organized a canteen. Life was
Mr. Bryan Stonehouse's production is quietly
It's hereabouts that the budge takes to the bottle, but I
Joyce Egginton cables: President Kennedy
Master Darin going steady with the delectable
to a collar; these add a charming, feminine
infant-in-arms but a new-born babe, a
fact that he was living, virtually without
a buyer of property. No, not even an
payment of a 210million debt to America.
found Anglesey a strong, energetic man with a gentle and charming
the frame with panel pins to complete
said the Vienna talks "might be the beginning of a slight improvement,"
me at once to chronicle a most intimate and
them today. The conference will meet
cured.'
Africans.
been produced and directed by Mr. Tony
recently given Frankie the full, razzamataz, red-carpet
was developed into quite an elaborate and distinctive
an directed by Mr. Tony Richardson, who is also
There are three kinds of reasons that justify
But that's a terrible way to begin! Why tell them you
"Anybody mucking the Yanks about had better call on me
tax relief for a jacket used
also part-author with Miss Delaney of the
are well secured as they will have to withstand
Mr. Paul Ferris, was a morality on the not
herself; we would be altogether clearer in our
heuschrecken" (Die Neue Brehm Bu"ckerei,
Putney and Wandsworth they found a bloodstained
MR. IAIN MACLEOD, the Colonial Secretary,
be in for a stiffer fight than they think. They may
have descended from the real problems to
for the labels from half a hundredweight of
Buttery. I think, however, that you might have
Italian who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that
the Scarborough conference decisions did not, in his
extent than ever before.
speaking from experience, stated:
& that all may go well. Sir R. Peel was here, I understand,
leaders are not only in favour of American
discussed a sit-down at Watford at 5.30 p.m. - none
take ruthless action against the drug making
many people far beyond the ranks of
appealing, Mr. James Maxwell, the editor, always
ranging from foreign investment in
going out of action; Police were visiting
equally familiar hoops to mild laughter.
to enable the beginner to master all the essential
two beds, two reception, k. and b., just think,
styled, European set. Most of it has
identified as elementary sensations. These were
and difficult things to accommodate and
Mr. Pearson is now talking about "his
fighter against apartheid. He must be heard
briefcase opened. Cecil thrust an
M Ps tomorrow. Mr. Michael Foot has
flat with a devotion which said that
day she would be able to see the situation
for a new hit song. He might be well advised to
Common Market, we should not be able to
useful. The President will probably
theories of "mind"? Are there any ultimate units
lasting friendship begun in 1913 in Purley and
What infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but
in the Holy Loch, only 30 miles from Glasgow, a
with the Soviet Union can prevent another
who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was. But he
as there is a Polaris base in Britain the
the backbone of the German Air
notches, as they are not fastened to the
Caught by a sudden gust of wind? A
The big Powers involved in the Cold War
There is a curd of morning smoke and
injustice of this method had been to a certain degree
State, gave a 90-minute briefing on the Vienna talks to the
cultivated with extraordinary success in
That's rather the point, isn't it?" "No, but I mean -"
The doorman turned his attention
the taper on the two inner faces only,
off was Thursday, and before coming up to London
The Chief Captive spoke again. 'Always this
quietly effective, giving full value to the
more help both at the church and Mission
events in Angola or Algeria. It was not for
John's father had been a naval officer of the old
bases in this country. An open letter
In most constituencies it may go down as
hot water from Butagas installation for washing-up,
ARCHBISHOP MAKARIOS puts the Commonwealth on trial.
moment # when attention had to be
'What a frightful event!' he wrote. 'I tremble!
of Gloucester.
was planned but police turned up.
here the priest is 1superceded by the
foods, Mr. Powell said that all these
this blonde." "Really?" Nigel cocked
more exquisite and ethereal enjoyment to
building bombers, and added:
rare intelligence and restrained power.
claims to be his representative in
behind the Serjeant at Arms' chair.
is a matter of editorial decision rather
interested in the principle of space research, but rather
a "limited state of emergency" was declared, giving
In April of that year his first wife's brother-in-law,
history of Anglesey's unceasing search for an
present a whole new proof that to abandon
His aspect was as dusty as his office, with scurf
who leaves her to bear his child and sails
explicably from appreciable motives. The
as chemical action, magnetism, the behaviour of
prevent civil war, it was clear that new dangers
repertory team of comedy character-actors jump through
Germany, Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot.
which has gripped men's minds,"
on those least able to bear them. Mr.
how completely it is in sympathy with con-
boycotted by the two main settlers' parties -
an express took him off yesterday.'
discover ultimate units.
Francis stayed on, and # sacrificed
capable of withstanding the heavy handling of the
first shown themselves seventeen years before
in Northern Rhodesia.
the 1960s, no cure has been found for the
been his bride. There was little doubt of how
first shown themselves seventeen years before had
wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to
but an express took him off yesterday.'
I was there, in even faster orbit, when that
in physics might lead us to suppose that the ultimate
compiled from personnel department records,
majority they are seeking. African delegates
unredeemable desolation. We could, perhaps,
we were naturally delighted, more so because
the war. Now in conditions of Tory
Northern Province alone.
would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely
exports to Germany will now be a little cheaper
infatuation! Personally I am indifferent, but I
moved. One night his prayer is answered
According to Dr. Max Beier in "Fang-
and beaches of earth pricked to blood by
to the preparations for launching their
will be to see there is no racial discrimination
time is ripe to have more frequent consultations between
ris, was a morality on the not unfamiliar
said Britain had an obligation to consult
to test the straightness of the sides.
in the history of Anglesey's unceasing search for
the pitch with their optical
"Oh, he wasn't. His motor-bike had
enough tacks and he got only the middle hammers done.
He holds that more pressure can be put on South
a critic may say - you are calling
Answering the attack on "economic charges"
priority to the clash over Northern Rhodesia on his
would try to get Germany to pay more. He
meeting, peace-loving people will say 'a
'It is a pity,' said Mart, 'because it would have been
for successful adjustment to retirement and
to England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In
romantic than large houses. We drank
The Russians now realised its seriousness. The
but it would take more than a temporary
by the Duke of Wellington.
Radicalism, & then God knows what
Liberals were ahead (43 per cent were in favour
if junior decides to bite the chair. Finally, it is as well
at his Washington Press conference admitted
their set moods but played with proper effi-
He has earned his break. The film is a well-made
symbols" (the MANISHTANO). And the person who asks these
Speaking of churchwardens and children leads
kneeling with heads bowed. The princess,
easy on the immersion heater. 'What is it,
and predators, is viewed with concern by a
necessary to bring the British Army of the Rhine
I had to explain the low, sharp and
Meanwhile I had been asked to do a bit of Diocesan
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
regard first. "I would mind if you didn't" he told her
Government is destroying the social services.
"He'll have the limelight, they'll give him the girls -
is a condition of your employment,'
it was being cultivated with extraordinary success in
The police began a systematic search of the line -
unorthodox medical men in the cities of
expressed, but Monsieur V (this was
for whom the index declined from 91 to 88. Table 27
she was convinced, or he would have granted her small request
for calling," he said. "Still long as you're here
Catherine lives in a white house
success exerting authority. Sandra watched her father's
the incumbent of the highest church in the
girl lives in a single dingy room with
industry, whose profits had risen by up to 400
mable desolation. We could, perhaps, say whether
in and out of the country wanted to see over
In Fanny, which also has its premiere tomorrow,
Nato council meeting last year over the question: do we
liability to the whole Western world. A practical
hectoring, out-of-date language, but in spite of all
to sit round the conference table.
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in the 1960s,
He saluted, and left the presence, very crestfallen...
mark in the line of the taper
ding scale, and left the sum-total of their actions,
There were signs of a violent struggle, blood
salve Blue Streak, which was abandoned last summer
36 firing ramps, including weapons like Matador
encounters a certain measure of novelty.
personal failure."
wretched - but it would not be too comfortable
agree. The Labour Party opposed Thor missiles, because,
with the agreement of Kennedy, in
the two biggest bores since Cardinal Newman.
in "Titanic" by paralleling the last days of the
efforts to work out sensible ways of dealing with
denouncing the proposals. He quoted from
way. In the middle of the journey is a
Dinas Motor Omnibus Co. Very interested,
On hearing that I was to leave Tatsfield and come to
wet pavements, the school play-grounds, the
were in our Children's Church from the
are tranquilly sunny and still, for the town
plenary sessions. Of the men reaching fifty years of age
patient and his symptoms. He told Hahnemann
action by the author in spite of the
surroundings she learns sex is something
Extra-Mural Education Committee and departments
people far beyond the ranks of Labour
along." To her great relief they arrived at the cluster of little houses
the unborn child as much as to the expectant mother,
herrings in this "Find-the-body" thriller. VERDICT:
led a protest against admitting any of them
anyway.
Mr. Watkinson has had the utmost support
Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting
appearance. The side frames are joined by four cross pieces
upstairs and wash your hands whilst I get
a man to make simple, straight-forward things, and in
One more demonstration of the industry's recovery. As
DESPITE the steady influx of substitutes
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond most
he said.
PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough
everyone has come to recognise that machines
you are looking for someone to love".
the German militarists, is, in fact, the cover for
Because of the cool, wet weather, I had great
have no knowledge of secret negotiations." He
getting an elected majority in Northern
and the Seraphim. We are also told that the Shamir
I have not had much experience of public speaking.
you're writing about anyway. "Not that I did
widespread resentment over the U.S. Polaris base in
of considerable authority," he
temperature is high & I have not yet
satisfying and worthwhile project.
was not enough. "A FAIR COP," the B B C
for legal charges and stamp duties,
tired; he is going out fast.... What a gay, lively people,
them is beyond the present scope.
It is equally certain that the British Government
Commons of his momentous
extravagant.' "Naughty!' she called
he held a reception tonight in Accra's Ambassador
Francis Festing, who believes completely
obtained at a comparable price, except the
itself. Remember your four names - have the list
ready for another bustling season. The pessimists
Valet de Chambre that ever was. But he
The day I promised to take Catherine
draw up final plans for the "Battle
'more like a God upon earth than a human being', had
full Senate.
meals everybody knows beforehand
of German rearmament, in opposition, to France."
the Korean war.
her his forlorn gift of companionship and
that television makes its appeal to those of lesser
the western edge of the Norwegian
Government could join the European Economic
shyly and half inquisitively. As is the case in
on the cushions and floor, and the remains
says it is inevitable, though profoundly
tonight from their tour in the East. The duke's
mass of Radicalism, & then God knows what
realism in the situation. A young girl lives in
which served respectively as coat cupboard and um-
television audience it was "current Washington
Burdett described to Anglesey a year or two later
a new Conservative booklet called The Record Speaks
grief-stricken duty formally to identify Elizabeth
Coventry and barbarously bombed London and other British
face pale. Philip, she knew, got on his nerves, but
overlooking the sweeping brown tides
Dinsdale Landen, in the longest and most
for framing and hanging on a wall, they may
grants.
first-class performance last night as a
accent of urgency. He passed in rapid
Defence Minister, for having read the
Vicar of St. Mark's, Woodcote, Purley, a new church built
wait until South Africa actually becomes a
girl lives in a single dingy room with her
spring them both at the same time over the
is either using a stand-in for the stunt
Northern Rhodesia's future. The Northern
of the story, and the marriage of the central
essences fell upon him; and one of the
We travelled down to Nice on the Lambretta.
power of unbridled ambition.
Instead Mr. Macmillan will rely on a
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir
the end of a few months an enthusiastic choir of men and women
potted.
far exceeded the number of fruits.
couldn't believe it. Self-deprecation
# of East Germany into West
Rhodesia conference in London has been
generous in giving everyone something, and silver
charges of creating disturbances. During the first
hustings, the spellbinder that Mr. Diefen-
He is confident the aim can be achieved.
He said bluntly in Washington yester-
modification of their structures to
this had already happened half a dozen times.
went to her fiance*?2's house and
of Mr. Healey, "Shadow" Foreign Secretary,
showing in the little town. It was
Seed is sown, or seedlings are pricked out into them
table for the first time a few days ago.
encumbrances which Cecil had so far avoided.
performances as tiger and rhino hunts were
disturbed mind can bring the healthiest body to a sense
Discounting one chinchilla jacket, a Rolls-
are now the patron saints of the game!
the story, and the marriage of the central
is high & I have not yet thought of a fire....
winter. In late November, he was 'suffering as
characters to their background, which bring
"The Little Key."
By the end of the month he still delighted in Naples. He
return from Scotland yesterday. He summoned Mr.
three years.
but now, with plenty of political
take a licking. For us, unity meant accepting
character, even-tempered and sedate, not easily irritated, patient and
deep friendship which I have taken with me through
At first sight the difference between
now as follows: 1. Personal adjustment 2. Health
Today, for example, the Foreign Minister of Indo-
Here are the known facts. On 10th July,
Celestials, apart from eating it fresh, squash
1957, in Mr. Sandys's time as Minister
The gauge can now be used to nick in the tapers
still regard him "as some sort of cross
chapter in the history of Anglesey's unceasing
brought to his notice.
exactly a month ago. If even Mo statesmen only
this place agree with me better than
substantial change was in families with three children,
drastic step. There is no doubt that the compatriots
there, but was soon changed into the better-
he appears to despair of ever being
maintained an unflinching witness to what
is processed, by high-speed listening to recorded
the London talks on the Protectorate's
1960s, no cure has been found for the 6tic
with a cyst on her ear ... ?"
Only Mr. Lucas's actions, therefore, arose
Punch in all nail and panel pin heads and fill the holes
President Kennedy's report to the British
some profits which now escape tax.
one, has broken a leg) to the girls, who have just
Marshal Andrei Grechko, commanding the
Everything is being done to promote
and # his Cabinet out in the grass roots making
'but he appears to despair of ever being cured.'
told Arthur, 'to find this place agree with me better
great at the return of Ultratoryism, that the Commons
on disarmament.
complicates the operation.
a single dingy room with her slatternly,
destroy the whole population of Britain in
be mistaken, 1tho' I cannot but fear that
to meeting the needs of the Commonwealth countries,
Ultratoryism, that the Commons House upon a
about 400,000 men. The three Services
Scot - and so were four of his predecessors this # century.
described as "a display of flabby and
are denied it. One area electricity board in 1958
formal elements of Betti's writing without
The trouble about such debates is that
might have yielded. It was a tough case to
0M P for Manchester Exchange.
that the House of Lords should be abolished
and the width is best taken directly
ennui, the eleventh Berlin International
have been used, and (as shown in Table 1)
which have undertaken the task of pre-
presume we shall be allowed to have one or two
who is perhaps the best Valet de Chambre that ever was.
someone to love".
Yes. I'm afraid we couldn't raise this loan to more
bent wire loop into the lock and
dazzled and gave a long raucous cough. "Only
straight.
Go and get yourself a drink.' 'Don't
concerted action towards preparing men
while, on the contrary, they impose upon
the temple of their religion is the
Russell Turner, 33, provides his last programme for the B B C tonight
and this feeling of queerness
appreciated the Church Hall for worship as well
Africans control in Northern Rhodesia it may indeed face
and Miss Ethel Yates, hikers from
sure." "Er, yes. You have some securities,
In his first Hollywood picture, "Let's Make Love," he
shape, ensuring that all lines of the crochet are
it as much as his health permitted him to
issue behind the Health Service; the other
business" removed their jackets. Not many
but an express took him off yesterday.'
The party agreed that it was unwise to locate the base
Incidentally, it is better to
about the nuptial arrangements.
This remarkable man of medicine, whom Sir Francis
to discuss the function of a proposed
play A Taste of Honey opens at the Leicester
for advice. In doing so he described his
and Britain must stay in it to keep the Germans in
between 55 and 60 hours a week. They also put
One big advantage of soil blocks is an obvious
more and more from our rivals. Germany has
If we ever stopped to consider how much energy - and time -
they had been borrowed by Elizabeth Camp from one
obvious.
Washington gossip" that Weaver once had
has been much rain and damp, but the
sphere; and it is not difficult to see that President
interference with the United Nations
There was a front-page rear-attack on de
God grant, however, that I may be a false prophet
is at odds with the Service chiefs over
paint would soon be scratched off.
Shorty.
Federal Parliament in Salisbury.
be written off as one of those unexplained
committee members will appear at Bow-street
revealing that there were (at that time) seven-
expresses it, in clarifying the functions
taken part.
by free trade. It is that they should be free
February 20.
Mr. Joshua Logan, attempted but failed to create
Naples. The journey has been against me, as there has
to have one of those carnival affairs,' he
right way - so the best-seller charts say. Play
"He is not going to agree to be bound over. That will
other hand, there is really no replacement
being that more of the watering is done through a
a seine net in just the same way after
transoms to shape as in the
upon a dissolution, which must be had, will be
with Robert Harbin's "Mystery and Magic" (7.30). After six years
Under the Labour Government 18.1 per cent of the
Souter and the other texts is rather
film so vividly to life. In Fanny, which also
Commonwealth. Otherwise, he says, those inside the
of Indonesian students broke through crash barriers
and comforter to her in her hour of need.
so - or run the obvious # risks in upsetting
neighbourhood, and it transpired that
20 years they will have free food, housing, light,
one of these days," he said. "In the meantime
that they cannot pay more than 357million
projects.
aged 24, is now studying history at Cambri-
ister, to return to Laos. No details of
of the doctor who observes signs, and records symptoms,
recommended, being cheap, easy to work, and
Party. But representatives of Sir Roy
work can be done on it, but the usual problems
part of the story.
sex (what else would they joke
adapted itself to modern tastes and the ill-
The shock of expulsion from the
power.
indulged in such violence." But Sir Roy pointed out
me, as there has been much rain and
for Germans to buy, while the goods which
in places and has a line or two of painful home truths
waggled it around vigorously.
mance of rare intelligence and restrained
He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's
The thought of Nicholas haunted her, the sense of
did what they had to do to get GO on an expan-
lines of difference with the Tories. Many members
his 61-year-old wife were each jailed for
no longer a part of it.
with a light touch, and there was much to admire
Sir Roy's United Federal Party is
decided advantage of being the only
a dissolution, which must be had, will be a
Europe. Now Rolly gets his big break - a
and arrived at Hounslow around 5 P.M., where
gang of crooks.
and has made it live. The shabby streets
the shiny clasp twinkled invitingly at Cecil.
support of his views. Obviously conscious of the fierce and
True, he did tell the House that the
losses will be even greater. This does not
which have set their hands to this plough.
and sedate, not easily irritated, patient and
story.
effective, giving full value to the formal elements
balance-sheet must always come first.
watching her talk with Orsini. Surely she
eccentric campaigns in freedom. They should
Polaris and military bases being installed on
little more faith in the way in which Mr.
but here the director moves out of the world
Holloway's act too long and not particularly
with a shotgun." I paused and watched my
jailed for a month.
men, women and children, old and young alike.
but rather he wants to show the eternal in
Richards, the father-in-law, always comically
for advice. In doing so he described his
logical Office.
Every garden boy will agree that having to
rain and damp, but the temperature is high & I have not
in Algoma East.
This is not a filmed play. It has been con-
negotiations should be held.
Certainly teenagers earn more than ever before.
A personal letter of protest against the
20-month-old Charles Jun. was sleeping.
a spirit of warlike frenzy, had produced
the stairs and, snatching the case, ran back
has been cancelled and secret plans prepared
world outlook will be brighter. What gives rise
that this is money due to America
and the tenor solo 'Onaway awake' was sung by the Rector.
may happen....
Guardian in March of that year, 1,000,000
two minutes the crowd had gone.
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in
prostitutes, edging past grubby grandeur
returning to her home town as a
in the normal way, the only real difference
discuss Weaver's appointment. Senator
evening.
office. "And what did it look like, Broughtons? Some
the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan.
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond
dent television, Then We Fall, by Mr. Paul Ferris,
England, and returned to Rome for the winter. In late
Herr Strauss, started talks with the British
The production by Bill Duncalf
But there is heart in the telling, and an
When the sailing season was past, he sent Pearl back to
the "tsitsits". This lesson used to be read
fifty years afterwards when so many
There is no doubt what the Danes understand
This week of window dressing will not prevent
in the specialised enquiry for the Royal Commission.
another sense to their aid.
It went, perhaps, some distance beyond
and that a stewed black rat will ward
Mr. Kaunda must know that his statements
in almost any provision shop.
the Prime Minister to Paris was dropped
lamentably low standards in the fussy
A great blow disturbed all our efforts in the following
all households in the sample.
National Service is ever resorted to,
Dr. Samuel Hahnemann.
Defence Minister, Mr. Watkinson. Their talks
Martyrs!" "CRICKET," says the Oxford
And we will nail the Divine Law on the
and has made it live. The shabby streets and
Informal talks at Lancaster House will
doubtless continue, for it is the aim of science to
intense realism in the situation. A young
Good Intent, a public-house in Walworth. Her day
three of which were in her husband's name,
the Mixed Infants of Llangrwl."
Capetown, Dr. Joost de Blank, has pleaded that
rigid as possible, for it is on these you will be building
with pencil and straight-edge
one of the most unreliable methods of getting
fuss, mother! I'm quite well and no more
recently been Ifor's typist, but was now
debt to America. United States officials
pay their salaries.
told me. "We mutually agreed to part."
the Luddites took sledge-hammers to their looms and
asked idly, tapping the girl's cheek lightly with
expect the total to leap to
flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower
a blackbird. Unfortunately a sporting taxi-driver
his chief a report on his talks with Mr.
a divorce. The judge says she had to act almost
said the Congolese could govern themselves
to the whole uncommitted world
into the pro-communist north and the
Indonesia, who arrived by Boeing 707 jet on a
majority to # secure the Scarborough
digging for gold but were babes in arms
people, and what a busy town. At Rome,
has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it
seriously the danger of the spread of nuclear
are studying them today. The conference
negotiations with Sir Roy's representative,
the pictures just for the fun of it was
will now grow brighter of further international
number of American State Research Stations. Not
fly home with the President. In DUESSELDORF, Chancellor Adenauer
to Rome for the winter. In late
meeting. But he told M Ps yesterday: "I
prospects would depend upon salaries, scholarship for
Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting. But he told
lead to disaster. Then there had been much talk of
the Workers' Educational Association; the University
There are many types of plastic pots available;
taken as a friendly gesture in Whitehall,
the unborn child as much as to the
Nor is this to be wondered at, for even today, in
to know. But the fact remains that get
